## Manufacturer: Acura
Acura  is the luxury and performance division of Japanese automaker Honda, based primarily in North America. The brand was launched on March 27, 1986, marketing luxury and performance automobiles. Acura sells cars in the United States, Canada, Mexico and Panama. The company has also previously sold cars in Mainland China, Hong Kong, Russia, Ukraine and Kuwait. Acura will begin selling the Integra Type S in the Japanese domestic market (JDM) in 2026; previous plans to sell Acura vehicles in Japan did not eventuate due to the 2008 financial crisis.

## Manufacturer: Alfa Romeo
Alfa Romeo Automobiles S.p.A. is an Italian car manufacturer known for its sports-oriented vehicles, strong auto racing heritage, and iconic design. Headquartered in Turin, Italy, it is a subsidiary of Stellantis Europe and one of 14 brands of multinational automotive company Stellantis.

## Manufacturer: Audi
Audi AG is a German automotive manufacturer of luxury vehicles headquartered in Ingolstadt, Bavaria, Germany. As a wholly owned subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group, Audi produces vehicles in nine production facilities worldwide.

## Manufacturer: Bentley
Bentley Motors Limited is a British designer, manufacturer and marketer of luxury cars and SUVs. Headquartered in Crewe, England, the company was founded by W. O. Bentley (1888–1971) in 1919 in Cricklewood, North London, and became widely known for winning the 24 Hours of Le Mans in 1924, 1927, 1928, 1929, 1930 and 2003. Bentley has been a subsidiary of the Volkswagen Group since 1998 and has been consolidated under VW's premium brand arm, Audi, since 2022.

## Manufacturer: BMW
Bayerische Motoren Werke Aktiengesellschaft, trading as BMW Group, is a German multinational conglomerate manufacturer of luxury vehicles and motorcycles headquartered in Munich, Germany. The moniker, "BMW ", first came into use when the German firm Rapp Motorenwerke changed its name to Bayerische Motoren Werke GmbH in 1917. Thereafter, in 1922, the name and assets of BMW GmbH were transferred to the aircraft manufacturer Bayerische Flugzeugwerke AG, thereby giving rise to the company known today as BMW AG.

## Manufacturer: Buick
Buick is a division of the American automobile manufacturer, General Motors (GM). Started by automotive pioneer David Dunbar Buick in 1899, it was among the first American automobile brands and was the company that established General Motors in 1908. Before the establishment of General Motors, GM founder William C. Durant had served as Buick's general manager and major investor. With the demise of Oldsmobile in 2004, Buick became the oldest surviving American automobile brand.

## Manufacturer: Cadillac
Cadillac Motor Car Division, or simply Cadillac, is the luxury vehicle division of the American automobile manufacturer General Motors (GM). Its major markets are the United States, Canada, and China; Cadillac models are also distributed in 34 additional markets worldwide. Historically, Cadillac automobiles were at the top of the luxury field within the United States, often competing with Lincoln, but have been outsold by European luxury brands including BMW and Mercedes since the 2000s. In 2019, Cadillac sold 390,458 vehicles worldwide, a record for the brand.

## Manufacturer: Chevrolet
Chevrolet is an American automobile division of the manufacturer General Motors (GM). In North America, Chevrolet produces and sells a wide range of vehicles, from subcompact automobiles to medium-duty commercial trucks. Due to the prominence and name recognition of Chevrolet as one of General Motors' global marques, "Chevrolet" or its affectionate nickname Chevy is used at times as a synonym for General Motors or its products, one example being the GM LS1 engine, commonly known by the name or a variant thereof of its progenitor, the Chevrolet small-block engine.

## Manufacturer: Chrysler
FCA US, LLC, doing business as Stellantis North America and known historically as Chrysler, is one of the "Big Three" automobile manufacturers in the United States, headquartered in Auburn Hills, Michigan. It is the American subsidiary of the multinational automotive company Stellantis. Stellantis North America sells vehicles worldwide under the Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, and Ram Trucks nameplates. It also includes Mopar, its automotive parts and accessories division, and SRT, its performance automobile division. The division also distributes Alfa Romeo, Fiat, and Maserati vehicles in North America.

## Manufacturer: Dodge
Dodge is an American brand of automobiles and a division of Stellantis, based in Auburn Hills, Michigan. Dodge vehicles have historically included performance cars, and for much of its existence, Dodge was Chrysler's mid-priced brand above Plymouth.

## Manufacturer: Ferrari
Ferrari S.p.A. is an Italian luxury sports car manufacturer based in Maranello, Italy. Founded in 1939 by Enzo Ferrari (1898–1988), the company built its first car in 1940, adopted its current name in 1945, and began to produce its current line of road cars in 1947. Ferrari became a public company in 1960, and from 1963 to 2014, it was a subsidiary of Fiat S.p.A. It was spun off from Fiat's successor entity, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, in 2016. The company currently offers a large model range which includes several supercars, grand tourers, and one SUV. Many early Ferraris, dating to the 1950s and 1960s, count among the most expensive cars ever sold at auction.

## Manufacturer: Fiat
Fiat Automobiles S.p.A., commonly known as Fiat, is an Italian automobile manufacturer.

## Manufacturer: Ford
Ford commonly refers to:Ford Motor Company, an automobile manufacturer founded by Henry Ford
Ford (crossing), a shallow crossing on a river

## Manufacturer: Genesis
Genesis may refer to:

## Manufacturer: GMC
GMC may refer to:

## Manufacturer: Honda
Honda Motor Co., Ltd., commonly known as Honda, is a Japanese multinational conglomerate automotive manufacturer headquartered at the Toranomon Alcea Tower in Toranomon, Minato, Tokyo, Japan.

## Manufacturer: Hyundai
Hyundai is a former South Korean industrial conglomerate, which was restructured into the following groups:Hyundai Group, parts of the former conglomerate which have not been divested
Hyundai Asan, a real estate construction and civil engineering company
Hyundai Motor Group, the automotive part of the former conglomerate
Hyundai Motor Company, an automobile manufacturer
Hyundai Mobis, a car parts company
Hyundai Motorsport, a racing team
Hyundai Rotem, a manufacturer of railway vehicles, defense systems, and factory equipment
Hyundai Engineering and Construction, a construction company
HD Hyundai Group, the heavy industry part of the former conglomerate
HD Hyundai Heavy Industries, the primary company representing the group
HD Hyundai Mipo, a shipbuilding company
HD Hyundai Samho, a shipbuilding company
HD Hyundai Oilbank, a petroleum refinery company
HD Hyundai Electric, a smart energy sensations specialist company
Hyundai Department Store Group, the retail division of the former conglomerate
Hyundai Department Store, a department store chain
HDC Holdings, a conglomerate with emphasis on real estate development and financial services
Hyundai Development Company, a construction and civil engineering company
HDC Hyundai EP, a manufacturer of petrochemicals and plastics
Hyundai Fomex, a professional lighting manufacturer
Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance, an insurance company
Hyundai Corporation, a trading and industrial investment company
Hyundai Power Products, a power equipment company owned and produced by Hyundai Corporation, and its importer and Distributor for UK and Ireland by Genpower
Hyundai Appliances Africa, a TV and home appliances brand owned and produced by Hyundai Corporation, and is designed for the African appliance and TV market
Hyundai Home Appliances, a TV and home appliance brand owned and produced by Hyundai Corporation, but the market is mostly in South Korea and the Philippines with other markets as a division
Hyundai Electronics BD, an appliances company owned and produced by Hyundai Corporation, the appliances are designed for the market in Bangladesh
Hyundai Electronics India, an appliance and TV company that is owned and produced by Hyundai Corporation, targeted toward the Indian market
Hyundai Electronics Nepal, an electronics and home appliances company owned and produced by Hyundai Corporation, marketing targeted for Nepal, and it is also its own distributor
Hyundai Technology USA, a tech brand that is owned and produced by Hyundai Corporation, the market is targeted for the US
Hyundai Electronics, a chip manufacturer, spun off as Hynix in 2001 and renamed SK Hynix in 2012

## Manufacturer: Infiniti
Infiniti  is the luxury car division of the Japanese automaker Nissan. The brand began on November 8, 1989, initially in North America. The marketing network for Infiniti vehicles included dealers in over 50 countries in the 2010s. As of 2020, there were 25 markets served by new car dealers, primarily North America, China, Taiwan, and the Middle East.

## Manufacturer: Jaguar
The jaguar is a large cat species and the only living member of the genus Panthera that is native to the Americas. Its distinctively marked coat features pale yellow to tan colored fur covered by spots that transition to rosettes on the sides, although a melanistic black coat appears in some individuals. With a body length of up to 1.85 m and a weight of up to 158 kg (348 lb), it is the biggest cat species in the Americas and the third largest in the world. The jaguar's powerful bite allows it to pierce the carapaces of turtles and tortoises, and to employ an unusual killing method: it bites directly through the skull of mammalian prey between the ears to deliver a fatal blow to the brain.

## Manufacturer: Jeep
Jeep is an American automobile brand, now owned by multi-national corporation Stellantis. Jeep has been part of Chrysler since 1987, when Chrysler acquired the Jeep brand, along with other assets, from its previous owner, American Motors Corporation (AMC).

## Manufacturer: Kia
Kia Corporation is a South Korean multinational automobile manufacturer headquartered in Seoul, South Korea. It is South Korea's second largest automobile manufacturer, after its parent company, Hyundai Motor Company, with sales of over 2.8 million vehicles in 2019. Kia is owned by Hyundai, which holds a 33.88% stake valued at just over US$6 billion. Kia in turn is a minority owner of more than twenty Hyundai subsidiaries ranging from 4.9% up to 45.37%, totaling more than US$8.3 billion.

## Manufacturer: Lamborghini
Lamborghini is an Italian manufacturer of luxury sports cars and SUVs based in Sant'Agata Bolognese. The company is owned by the Volkswagen Group through its subsidiary Audi.

## Manufacturer: Land Rover
Land Rover is a brand of predominantly four-wheel drive, off-road capable vehicles, owned by British multinational car manufacturer Jaguar Land Rover (JLR), since 2008 a subsidiary of India based Tata Motors. JLR builds Land Rovers in Brazil, China, India, Slovakia, and the United Kingdom. The Land Rover name was created in 1948 by the Rover Company for a utilitarian 4WD off-road vehicle. Currently, the Land Rover range consists solely of upmarket and luxury sport utility vehicles.

## Manufacturer: Lexus
Lexus  is the luxury vehicle division of the Japanese automaker Toyota Motor Corporation. The Lexus brand is marketed in more than 90 countries and territories worldwide and is Japan's largest-selling make of premium cars. It has ranked among the 10 largest Japanese global brands in market value. Lexus has been headquartered in Shimoyama, Aichi, in Japan since 2024. Operational centers are located in Brussels, Belgium, and Plano, Texas, United States.

## Manufacturer: Lincoln
Lincoln most commonly refers to:Abraham Lincoln (1809–1865), the 16th president of the United States
Lincoln, England, cathedral city and county town of Lincolnshire, England
Lincoln, Nebraska, the capital of Nebraska, U.S.
Lincoln (name), a surname and given name
Lincoln Motor Company, a Ford brand

## Manufacturer: Maserati
Maserati S.p.A. is an Italian luxury car manufacturer. Established on 1 December 1914 in Bologna, Italy, the company's headquarters are now in Modena, and its emblem is a trident. The company has been owned by Stellantis since 2021.

## Manufacturer: Mazda
Mazda Motor Corporation  is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Fuchū, Hiroshima, Japan. The company was founded on January 30, 1920, as Toyo Cork Kogyo Co., Ltd., a cork-making factory, by Jujiro Matsuda. The company then acquired Abemaki Tree Cork Company. It changed its name to Toyo Kogyo Co., Ltd. in 1927 and started producing vehicles in 1931.

## Manufacturer: Mercedes-Benz
Mercedes-Benz, commonly referred to simply as Mercedes and occasionally as Benz, is a German automotive brand that was founded in 1926. Mercedes-Benz AG is based in Stuttgart, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Mercedes-Benz AG manufactures luxury vehicles and light commercial vehicles, all branded under the Mercedes-Benz name. From November 2019 onwards, the production of Mercedes-Benz-branded heavy commercial vehicles has been managed by Daimler Truck, which separated from the Mercedes-Benz Group to form an independent entity at the end of 2021.

## Manufacturer: Mini
The Mini is a two-door, four-seat small car produced for four decades over a single generation, with many names and variants, by the British Motor Corporation (BMC) and its successors British Leyland and the Rover Group, and finally (briefly) under BMW ownership. Minis were built as saloons, estates, convertibles, and various other body styles. Minus a brief 1990s hiatus, from 1959 into 2000, an estimated 5.38 million of all variations combined were built, and the Mini's engines also powered another 2 million Mini Metros, though the Mini eventually outlasted its successor.

## Manufacturer: Mitsubishi
The Mitsubishi Group  is a Japanese multinational conglomerate.

## Manufacturer: Nissan
Nissan Motor Co., Ltd. is a Japanese multinational automobile manufacturer headquartered in Yokohama, Kanagawa, Japan. The company sells its vehicles under the Nissan and Infiniti brands, and formerly the Datsun brand, with in-house performance tuning products under the Nismo and Autech brands. The company can be traced back to the beginning of the 20th century with the Nissan zaibatsu, or Nissan Group.

## Manufacturer: Porsche
Dr. Ing. h.c. F. Porsche AG, commonly known as Porsche, is a German automobile manufacturer specializing in luxury, high-performance sports cars, SUVs and sedans, headquartered in Stuttgart, Baen-Württemberg, Germany. The company is owned by Volkswagen AG, a controlling stake of which is owned by Porsche Automobil Holding SE, usually shortened to Porsche SE. Porsche's current lineup includes the 911, Panamera, Macan, Cayenne, and Taycan.

## Manufacturer: Ram
Ram, ram, or RAM commonly refers to:Random-access memory, a form of computer data storage
RAM drive, RAM used to emulate secondary storage
Ram, a male sheep
Ram Trucks, United States 
List of vehicles named Dodge Ram, trucks and vans
Ram Pickup, produced by Ram Trucks

## Manufacturer: Rivian
Rivian Automotive, Inc., is an American electric vehicle manufacturer and automotive technology company founded in 2009. It produces an electric sport utility vehicle (SUV), a pickup truck on a "skateboard" platform that can support future vehicles or be adopted by other companies, and an electric delivery van, the Rivian EDV. It started deliveries of its R1T pickup truck in late 2021. The company planned to build an exclusive charging network in the United States and Canada by the end of 2023.

## Manufacturer: Rolls-Royce
Rolls-Royce may refer to:Rolls-Royce Limited, a British manufacturer of cars and later aircraft engines, founded in 1906, now defunct

## Manufacturer: Subaru
Subaru  is the automobile manufacturing division of Japanese transportation conglomerate Subaru Corporation, the twenty-first largest automaker by production worldwide in 2017.

## Manufacturer: Tesla
Tesla most commonly refers to:Nikola Tesla (1856–1943), a Serbian-American electrical engineer and inventor
Tesla, Inc., an American electric vehicle and clean energy company, formerly Tesla Motors, Inc.
Tesla (unit), the SI-derived unit of magnetic flux density

## Manufacturer: Toyota
Toyota Motor Corporation  is a Japanese multinational automotive manufacturer headquartered in Toyota City, Aichi, Japan. It was founded by Kiichiro Toyoda and incorporated on August 28, 1937. Toyota is the largest automobile manufacturer in the world, producing about 10 million vehicles per year.

## Manufacturer: Volkswagen
Volkswagen is a German automobile manufacturer based in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony, Germany. Established in 1937 by the German Labour Front, it was revived after World War II by British Army officer Ivan Hirst and over the 81 years since grew into the global brand it is today. As of 2025, the company had a market capitalization of approximately US$58.9 billion. The company is well known for the Beetle and serves as the flagship brand of its eponymous conglomerate, the Volkswagen Group, which was the world's largest automotive manufacturer by global sales in 2016 and 2017.

## Manufacturer: Volvo
The Volvo Group, shortened to AB Volvo, stylized as VOLVO) is a Swedish multinational manufacturing corporation headquartered in Gothenburg. While its core activity is the production, distribution and sale of trucks, buses and construction equipment, Volvo also supplies marine and industrial drive systems and financial services. In 2016, it was the world's second-largest manufacturer of heavy-duty trucks through its subsidiary Volvo Trucks.

## Vehicle Model: Acura MDX
The Acura MDX is a mid-size luxury crossover SUV with three-row seating produced by the Japanese automaker Honda under its luxury Acura division since 2000. The alphanumeric moniker stands for "Multi-Dimensional" luxury. It has ranked as the second-best selling mid-size luxury SUV after the Lexus RX in the U.S.

## Automotive Term: AWD
AWD may refer to:

## Automotive Term: 4WD
A four-wheel drive, also called 4x4 ("four-by-four") or 4WD, is a two-axled vehicle drivetrain capable of providing torque to all of its wheels simultaneously. It may be full-time or on-demand, and is typically linked via a transfer case providing an additional output drive shaft and, in many instances, additional gear ranges.

## Automotive Term: horsepower
Horsepower (hp) is a unit of measurement of power, or the rate at which work is done, usually in reference to the output of engines or motors. There are many different standards and types of horsepower. Two common definitions used today are the imperial horsepower, abbreviated hp or bhp, which is about 745.7 watts, and the metric horsepower, also represented as cv or PS, which is approximately 735.5 watts. The electric horsepower, hpE, is exactly 746 watts, while the boiler horsepower is 9809.5 or 9811 watts, depending on the exact year.

## Automotive Term: torque
In physics and mechanics, torque is the rotational correspondent of linear force. It is also referred to as the moment of force, or simply the moment. Just as a linear force is a push or a pull applied to a body, a torque can be thought of as a twist applied to an object with respect to a chosen axis. For example, driving a screw uses torque to force it into an object. The torque is applied by the screwdriver, rotating around its axis, to the drive on the head of the screw.

## Automotive Term: CVT
CVT may refer to:

## Automotive Term: turbocharger
In an internal combustion engine, a turbocharger is a forced induction device that compresses the intake air, forcing more air into the engine in order to produce more power for a given displacement.

## Automotive Term: payload
Payload is the object or the entity that is being carried by an aircraft or launch vehicle. Sometimes payload also refers to the carrying capacity of an aircraft or launch vehicle, usually measured in terms of weight. Depending on the nature of the flight or mission, the payload of a vehicle may include cargo, passengers, flight crew, munitions, scientific instruments or experiments, or other equipment. Extra fuel, when optionally carried, is also considered part of the payload.

## Automotive Term: towing capacity
Towing is coupling two or more objects together so that they may be pulled by a designated power source or sources. The towing source may be a motorized land vehicle, vessel, animal, or human, and the load being anything that can be pulled. These may be joined by a chain, rope, bar, hitch, three-point, fifth wheel, coupling, drawbar, integrated platform, or other means of keeping the objects together while in motion.

## Automotive Term: wheelbase
In both road and rail vehicles, the wheelbase is the horizontal distance between the centers of the front and rear wheels. For road vehicles with more than two axles, the wheelbase is the distance between the steering (front) axle and the centerpoint of the driving axle group. In the case of a tri-axle truck or bus, the wheelbase would be the distance between the steering axle and a point midway between the two rear axles.

## Automotive Term: ground clearance
Ride height or ground clearance is the amount of space between the base of an automobile tire and the lowest point of the automobile, typically the bottom exterior of the differential housing ; or, more properly, to the shortest distance between a flat, level surface, and the lowest part of a vehicle other than those parts designed to contact the ground. Ground clearance is measured with standard vehicle equipment, and for cars, is usually given with no cargo or passengers.

## Automotive Term: third row seating
A car seat is a seat used in automobiles. Most car seats are made from inexpensive but durable material in order to withstand prolonged use. The most common material is polyester.

## Automotive Term: adaptive cruise control
Adaptive cruise control (ACC) is a type of advanced driver-assistance system for road vehicles that automatically adjusts the vehicle speed to maintain a safe distance from vehicles ahead. Using sensors such as radar, lidar, or cameras, ACC can slow the vehicle when traffic ahead reduces speed and accelerate back to a preset speed when the road is clear.

## Automotive Term: blind spot monitoring
The vehicle blind spot monitor or simply blind-spot monitoring is a vehicle-based sensor device that detects other vehicles located to the driver's side and rear. Warnings can be visual, audible, vibrating, or tactile.

## Automotive Term: lane keep assist
In road-transport terminology, a lane departure warning system (LDWS) is a mechanism designed to warn the driver when the vehicle begins to move out of its lane on freeways and arterial roads. These systems are designed to minimize accidents by addressing the main causes of collisions: driver error, distractions and drowsiness. In 2009 the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) began studying whether to mandate lane departure warning systems and frontal collision warning systems on automobiles.

## Automotive Term: Apple CarPlay
CarPlay is an Apple standard that enables a car radio or automotive head unit to be a display and controller for an iOS device. It is available on iPhone 5 and later models running iOS 7.1 or later.

## Automotive Term: Android Auto
Android Auto is a mobile app developed by Google to mirror features of a smartphone on a car's dashboard information and entertainment head unit.

## Automotive Term: hybrid vehicle
A hybrid vehicle is one that uses two or more distinct types of power, such as submarines that use diesel when surfaced and batteries when submerged. Other means to store energy include pressurized fluid in hydraulic hybrids.

## Automotive Term: plug-in hybrid
A plug-in hybrid electric vehicle (PHEV) or plug-in hybrid vehicle (PHV) is a type of hybrid electric vehicle equipped with a battery that can be recharged via a power cable to an external electric power source, in addition to charging internally by its on-board internal combustion engine–powered generator. While PHEVs are predominantly passenger cars, there are also plug-in hybrid variants of sports cars, commercial vehicles, vans, utility trucks, buses, trains, motorcycles, mopeds, military vehicles and boats.

## Automotive Term: battery electric vehicle
A battery electric vehicle (BEV), pure electric vehicle, only-electric vehicle, fully electric vehicle or all-electric vehicle is a type of electric vehicle (EV) that uses electrical energy exclusively from an on-board battery pack to power one or more electric traction motors, on which the vehicle solely relies for propulsion.

## NHTSA: 2016 Acura MDX
Overall rating: Unknown
Recalls count: 6
Complaints count: 349

## FuelEconomy.gov: 2016 Acura MDX
Combined MPG: Unknown
City MPG: Unknown
Highway MPG: Unknown
Annual fuel cost: Unknown
CO2 tailpipe: Unknown

## Imperial Sales Scripts
[Scenario: objection_think_about_it]
Response: "I understand. Most people who buy this vehicle tell me they wish they'd done it sooner because it saves them time and hassle. What's the one thing that would make you comfortable moving forward today?"
Principle: Joe Verde tie-down, clarity over pressure.

[Scenario: closing_test_drive_followup]
Script: "Hi [Customer], it was great meeting you. I've held the [Vehicle] for you until tomorrow. If you'd like, I can run the numbers with your trade-in and show you two payment options side by side."
Principle: Prompt follow-up, remove friction, offer a choice.

[Scenario: objection_price]
Response: "You're right to look at the numbers carefully. Besides the price itself, what matters most to you: monthly comfort, warranty coverage, or long-term reliability?"
Principle: Diagnose the real objection before defending price.

[Scenario: objection_monthly_payment]
Response: "Most customers start with the monthly figure. If I could show you an option that protects your budget and still gets you the right vehicle, would that be worth a quick look?"
Principle: Payment-first framing with a soft tie-down.

[Scenario: objection_spouse]
Response: "That makes sense. When you talk it through together tonight, what question do you think your spouse will ask first so I can help you answer it now?"
Principle: Resolve the hidden objection with service-minded curiosity.

[Scenario: trust_building_trade]
Response: "I'll show you exactly how we arrived at the trade value so there are no surprises. Fairness matters more than pressure here."
Principle: Transparency builds trust and lowers defensiveness.

[Scenario: competitor_comparison]
Response: "Let's compare apples to apples: miles, condition, fees, reconditioning, and warranty. If this one wins on real value, would you feel good about taking the next step?"
Principle: Conflict resolution through objective comparison.

[Scenario: service_followup]
Script: "I wanted to make sure your vehicle is doing exactly what you needed it to do. If anything feels off, tell me and I'll help get it handled quickly."
Principle: Service heart and long-term trust.

[Scenario: objection_credit]
Response: "You're not the only one who's had that concern. Our job is to find the cleanest path forward and be honest about the options. Would it help if I showed you the likely payment range before we submit anything?"
Principle: Fearlessness plus reassurance.

[Scenario: closing_next_step]
Response: "It sounds like this checks the boxes we agreed on. Would you like to handle the credit app first or lock in the test-drive time?"
Principle: Choice close that preserves control.

[Scenario: true_need_triage]
Response: "Before I recommend anything, tell me the one problem this next vehicle needs to solve for you every day."
Principle: Service-first triage to uncover the true need.

[Question: What is the towing capacity of a 2022 Ford F-150?]
Answer: The 2022 Ford F-150 has a maximum towing capacity of 14,000 lbs when equipped with the 3.5L EcoBoost V6 and Max Trailer Tow Package. Exact capacity depends on engine, cab, and axle configuration. I can check the exact number for a specific truck if you provide the VIN or stock number.

[Question: Do you have any Chevy Silverados under $45k on the lot?]
Answer: Yes, I can check our current inventory for Chevy Silverado 1500 models priced under $45,000. Please give me a moment, or better - tell me which trim or year you prefer, and I'll pull up the exact stock numbers and photos.

[Question: What's the interest rate for someone with a 700 credit score?]
Answer: For a credit score of 700, you typically qualify for "good" credit tier. Our current rates for good credit start around 6.9% APR on new cars and 7.9% on used cars, depending on the term and lender. I can run a payment estimate for any vehicle you're interested in.

[Question: Compare Ram 1500 vs Ford F-150.]
Answer: The Ram 1500 offers a smoother ride (coil-spring rear suspension) and a more upscale interior, while the Ford F-150 has higher towing capacity (up to 14,000 lbs) and more engine choices. For 2024, the F-150 also offers a hybrid option. Both are excellent trucks - if you prioritize comfort, go Ram; if you need max towing, choose Ford.

[Question: Can I trade in a car with negative equity?]
Answer: Yes, you can trade in a car with negative equity (you owe more than it's worth). The negative amount (shortfall) is rolled into the new loan, increasing your monthly payment. I can help you calculate the impact and look for lease or finance programs that allow up to 120% LTV.

[Question: What is the warranty on a used Toyota Camry?]
Answer: Used Toyota Camry may still have the remaining factory warranty (3yr/36k mile basic, 5yr/60k powertrain). If it's a certified pre-owned (CPO) from Toyota, you get a 12mo/12k mile comprehensive warranty plus 7yr/100k powertrain. At Imperial, we also offer a 90-day/3,000 mile limited warranty on all used vehicles. I can check the specific car's history.

[Question: How much is a 2023 GMC Sierra 1500 elevation?]
Answer: The 2023 GMC Sierra 1500 Elevation typically lists between $55k and $65k new, depending on options. Used ones with reasonable mileage usually range from $48k to $58k. I can check our inventory for a specific vehicle - just give me the stock number or VIN.

[Question: What's the difference between AWD and 4WD?]
Answer: AWD (All-Wheel Drive) is always on, distributes power to all wheels automatically, and is best for rain, light snow, and paved roads. 4WD (Four-Wheel Drive) is part-time, driver-engaged, and designed for off-road or deep snow. 4WD typically offers lower-range gearing for tough terrain. Most family SUVs use AWD; trucks and true off-roaders use 4WD.

[Question: Do you offer zero-down financing?]
Answer: Zero-down financing is available for qualified buyers, typically with excellent credit (720+). It means no down payment is required, but your monthly payment will be higher and you may pay more interest over time. I can check your approval terms and show you a payment estimate.

[Question: How many miles per gallon does a 2022 Chevy Equinox get?]
Answer: The 2022 Chevy Equinox with the 1.5L turbo engine gets an EPA-estimated 26 MPG city, 31 MPG highway, and 28 MPG combined for front-wheel drive. All-wheel drive models are slightly lower: 25/30/27.

[Question: Is the 2024 Ford Bronco good for a family?]
Answer: The 2024 Ford Bronco is a capable off-roader, but for family daily duty, the soft top can be noisy on highways and rear seat space is adequate but not class-leading. If you need a family SUV, the Bronco Sport (unibody) is more comfortable and fuel-efficient. The full-size Bronco is better as a second vehicle for adventure.

[Question: What's the cost to register a car in Massachusetts?]
Answer: Registration fees in Massachusetts are roughly $60-$100 plus a title fee of about $75. Sales tax is 6.25% of purchase price, or on the trade-in difference where applicable. I can estimate your exact out-the-door registration costs if you share vehicle price and trade details.

[Question: How does a lease work?]
Answer: In a lease, you pay for vehicle depreciation plus interest (money factor) over a set term, usually 24-36 months. At lease end, you can return the vehicle, buy it for the residual value, or lease another one. I can run lease vs buy numbers side by side for your target payment.

[Question: What are the pros of the Toyota RAV4?]
Answer: Toyota RAV4 strengths include excellent fuel economy, standard Toyota Safety Sense features, strong resale value, and an available hybrid model. It is a reliable, practical SUV for commuting and family use. I can compare trims and pricing for your budget.

[Question: Do you have any 2021 Honda CR-Vs?]
Answer: Let me check our inventory for 2021 Honda CR-V units. I can filter available vehicles by price, color, mileage, and trim to match what you want. Share your preferred budget and I will pull exact stock options.

[Question: What is the best SUV for snow?]
Answer: Strong snow choices include Subaru Outback or Forester (full-time AWD), Honda CR-V, and Toyota RAV4 with quality winter tires. All are dependable in winter when equipped properly. I can help you compare available AWD inventory and tire options.

[Question: How long does financing approval take?]
Answer: Financing approval usually takes about 30 minutes to a few hours, depending on lender response time and application details. We submit to multiple lenders to get the best decision quickly. I can start a pre-qualification and estimate timing for your scenario.

[Question: Can I get a rebate on a new Chevy?]
Answer: Yes, Chevrolet frequently offers incentives such as cash rebates (often around $500-$2000) or low-APR financing on qualifying models. Programs vary by model, ZIP code, and month. I can check current offers for the exact Chevy you want.

[Question: What's the difference between a V6 and a V8?]
Answer: A V6 is typically lighter and more fuel-efficient, making it great for daily driving. A V8 usually delivers more horsepower, torque, and towing capability, but consumes more fuel. If you tell me your driving and towing needs, I can recommend the better fit.

[Question: Is it better to buy or lease?]
Answer: Buying is usually better if you keep vehicles long-term, drive high mileage, or want full ownership equity. Leasing can be better for lower monthly payments, warranty coverage, and getting a newer car every 2-3 years. I can show side-by-side monthly and total-cost comparisons for both.

[Question: What is the towing capacity of a 2024 Chevy Silverado 1500?]
Answer: The 2024 Chevy Silverado 1500 can tow up to about 13,300 lbs when properly equipped with the 3.0L Duramax diesel or 6.2L V8 and the Max Trailering package. Many trims are in the 9,000-11,500 lb range depending on cab, bed, axle ratio, and drivetrain.

[Question: Compare Silverado 1500 vs F-150 vs Ram 1500.]
Answer: F-150 often leads in powertrain variety and tow-focused configurations, Silverado/Sierra pair strongly in diesel and broad trim coverage, and Ram 1500 is known for ride comfort and cabin quality. The best choice depends on whether your priority is towing, comfort, technology, or price.

[Question: Compare Sierra 1500 vs Silverado 1500.]
Answer: They share core mechanicals and capability, but Sierra generally has more premium trim positioning while Silverado often emphasizes value spread. Capability is similar when comparably equipped.

[Question: Compare Ford Super Duty vs Chevy HD trucks.]
Answer: Both offer excellent heavy towing and payload options with powerful diesel choices. Final decision usually comes down to available configurations, pricing incentives, and preferred interior/tech layout.

[Question: Compare Ram 2500 vs Ford F-250.]
Answer: Both are strong heavy-duty work trucks; F-250 often shines in broad fleet configuration options, while Ram is praised for interior comfort in many trims. Tow ratings and payload should be compared by exact VIN-level setup.

[Question: Compare Toyota Camry vs Honda Accord.]
Answer: Camry is often chosen for conservative reliability reputation and available high-MPG hybrid trims. Accord is often praised for roomy cabin and refined driving feel; both are excellent long-term picks.

[Question: Compare Corolla vs Elantra.]
Answer: Corolla emphasizes proven reliability and straightforward ownership. Elantra often offers aggressive feature content and modern styling at competitive pricing.

[Question: Compare Civic vs Kia K5.]
Answer: Civic is a compact sedan with agile dynamics and efficiency. K5 is midsize with more rear-seat room and often strong feature value for the price.

[Question: Compare RAV4 vs CR-V.]
Answer: RAV4 Hybrid often leads on fuel economy value, while CR-V often feels exceptionally comfortable and spacious in daily use. Both have strong safety and resale credentials.

[Question: Compare Hyundai Tucson vs Kia Sportage.]
Answer: They share platform DNA but differ in styling, feature packaging, and some suspension tuning feel. Both are competitive compact SUVs with good warranty appeal.

[Question: Compare Highlander vs Telluride.]
Answer: Highlander offers Toyota hybrid option strengths and long-term ownership confidence. Telluride offers standout interior packaging and feature-rich trims at compelling price points.

[Question: Compare Palisade vs Grand Highlander.]
Answer: Palisade leans luxury-value with premium cabin feel, while Grand Highlander emphasizes family space and hybrid efficiency options. Third-row comfort and cargo behind row three are key test points.

[Question: Compare BMW X5 vs Mercedes GLE.]
Answer: X5 usually feels more athletic to drive. GLE often emphasizes comfort-first luxury and smooth cruising refinement.

[Question: Compare Audi Q7 vs BMW X5 for families.]
Answer: Q7 can be attractive for buyers needing occasional third-row flexibility in a luxury package. X5 often offers stronger driver engagement and powerful engine lineup choices.

[Question: Compare Tesla Model 3 vs BMW i4.]
Answer: Model 3 often wins on charging network convenience and software ecosystem. i4 offers a more traditional premium interior feel and classic luxury-brand driving refinement.

[Question: Compare Tesla Model Y vs Audi Q4 e-tron.]
Answer: Model Y typically offers stronger acceleration and broader charging-network convenience. Q4 e-tron offers familiar Audi fit-and-finish and smooth, understated luxury ride quality.

[Question: Compare Ford Explorer vs Toyota Highlander.]
Answer: Explorer offers stronger towing and performance-oriented options in some trims. Highlander often prioritizes efficiency and family-focused packaging, especially in hybrid form.

[Question: Compare Tahoe vs Expedition.]
Answer: Tahoe is known for strong cabin technology and broad trim choices; Expedition offers very strong interior room and towing competitiveness. Final choice often comes down to ride feel, interior preference, and deal structure.

[Question: Compare 4Runner vs Bronco for daily + weekend trails.]
Answer: 4Runner is known for long-term durability and straightforward rugged design. Bronco offers more modern off-road specialization and configurable trail hardware.

[Question: Compare Tacoma vs Ranger.]
Answer: Tacoma is known for resale strength and durability reputation; Ranger often offers strong turbo torque and modern towing behavior. Cab comfort and technology package differences are important to compare in person.

[Question: Compare Tundra vs F-150 hybrid.]
Answer: Tundra i-FORCE MAX focuses on strong torque and Toyota ownership confidence. F-150 PowerBoost often stands out for fuel economy flexibility and power export features depending on trim.

[Question: Compare GMC Yukon Denali vs Cadillac Escalade.]
Answer: Escalade offers the highest luxury-tier presentation and prestige, while Yukon Denali delivers many premium features at a lower entry point. Both share core full-size SUV capability traits.

[Question: Compare EV9 vs Model X.]
Answer: EV9 emphasizes practical family packaging and modern EV value. Model X emphasizes performance and Tesla ecosystem, often at higher cost.

[Question: Compare Accord Hybrid vs Camry Hybrid for fuel savings.]
Answer: Both are excellent efficiency choices, with Camry Hybrid often posting very high city efficiency and Accord Hybrid offering refined driving and cabin strengths. Ownership experience is strong with either when maintained properly.

[Question: Compare CR-V Hybrid vs RAV4 Hybrid for reliability.]
Answer: Both have strong reliability reputations and excellent resale in hybrid form. Real-world preference often depends on seat comfort, infotainment usability, and dealer support in your area.

[Question: Compare Mercedes C-Class vs Audi A4.]
Answer: C-Class often focuses on cabin luxury presentation and smoothness. A4 offers confidence-inspiring Quattro behavior and understated premium design.

[Question: Compare BMW 330i vs Tesla Model 3 Long Range.]
Answer: 330i provides traditional sporty luxury feel and quick refueling convenience. Model 3 Long Range offers low running costs, strong acceleration, and EV charging ecosystem benefits.

[Question: Compare Kia Telluride vs Honda Pilot.]
Answer: Telluride often offers standout premium value and design appeal. Pilot offers strong family utility and available trail-oriented trims, with Honda reliability reputation backing it.

[Question: Compare Hyundai Sonata Hybrid vs Toyota Camry Hybrid.]
Answer: Sonata Hybrid can be excellent value with strong efficiency and features. Camry Hybrid usually leads in resale confidence and broad trim popularity.

[Question: Compare Tesla Model Y vs Ford Explorer for family use.]
Answer: Model Y offers EV efficiency and fast acceleration with lower routine maintenance. Explorer offers faster refueling convenience and stronger conventional towing familiarity for some families.

[Question: What credit score is needed to finance a new car?]
Answer: Many buyers with scores from the mid-600s and above can qualify for mainstream financing, while top rates usually go to higher-score tiers. Income stability, debt-to-income ratio, and down payment also affect approvals.

[Question: How much down payment should I put on a vehicle?]
Answer: A common target is 10-20% down to reduce monthly payment and avoid negative equity risk. More down can also improve approval odds and lower total interest paid.

[Question: Is leasing better than financing?]
Answer: Leasing often gives lower monthly payments and frequent vehicle turnover but includes mileage and wear conditions. Financing builds equity and is usually better for long-term ownership or high-mileage drivers.

[Question: What mileage limit is typical on a lease?]
Answer: Typical leases include 10,000 to 15,000 miles per year, with higher-mile plans available. Exceeding allowance usually incurs per-mile charges at lease-end.

[Question: Can I trade in a car with an outstanding loan?]
Answer: Yes, the dealer can roll payoff into the transaction, and positive or negative equity is applied to the next deal. Knowing your payoff amount and market value before visiting helps negotiation.

[Question: How is trade-in value calculated?]
Answer: Trade value is based on market demand, condition, mileage, title history, reconditioning costs, and auction/wholesale trends. Clean history, service records, and good tires usually improve offers.

[Question: Should I get pre-approved before shopping?]
Answer: Pre-approval helps set budget and strengthens your negotiating position by separating vehicle price from financing terms. It also reduces pressure during in-store financing discussions.

[Question: What APR is considered good for auto loans?]
Answer: "Good" depends on credit profile and market rates, but prime borrowers often receive significantly lower APRs than subprime tiers. Even a 1-2% APR difference can save meaningful money over 60-72 months.

[Question: Is 72- or 84-month financing a bad idea?]
Answer: Longer terms lower monthly payment but increase total interest and negative-equity risk. They can be appropriate when carefully structured with sufficient down payment and a vehicle you'll keep long-term.

[Question: What fees should I expect when buying a car?]
Answer: Typical costs include taxes, registration/title, documentation fee, and possibly dealer-installed add-ons. Always review out-the-door pricing line by line before signing.

[Question: What is gap insurance and do I need it?]
Answer: GAP covers the difference between loan balance and vehicle value if totaled early in ownership. It is especially useful with low down payments, long loan terms, or fast-depreciating vehicles.

[Question: What is bumper-to-bumper warranty?]
Answer: It generally covers many vehicle components for a limited time/mileage, excluding normal wear items. Powertrain warranty usually lasts longer and focuses on engine/transmission/driveline components.

[Question: Is an extended warranty worth it?]
Answer: It can be worth it for complex vehicles with high repair costs or owners planning long-term retention. Compare coverage exclusions, deductible, and cancellation/refund terms before buying.

[Question: What maintenance is required in first 30,000 miles?]
Answer: Typical services include oil and filter changes, tire rotations, inspections, and cabin/engine air filter replacement intervals. Exact schedule varies by brand and driving conditions, so follow the manual.

[Question: How often should transmission fluid be changed?]
Answer: Many modern transmissions recommend long intervals, often 60,000-100,000 miles under normal use, but severe-duty use may require earlier service. Always follow manufacturer guidance for your drivetrain.

[Question: Are dealership service costs higher than independent shops?]
Answer: Dealer labor rates are often higher, but dealer techs have brand-specific tools, software, and campaign updates. A good strategy is comparing quotes while preserving proper records and parts quality.

[Question: What is included in ToyotaCare/Honda service plans?]
Answer: Many factory plans include limited-time routine maintenance such as oil changes and tire rotations during early ownership. Coverage details vary by model year and region, so verify plan booklet terms.

[Question: What driver-assistance features should I prioritize?]
Answer: High-value features include automatic emergency braking, blind-spot monitoring, rear cross-traffic alert, adaptive cruise, and lane-keeping assist. A 360 camera is especially useful for larger trucks/SUVs.

[Question: Is adaptive cruise safe in heavy traffic?]
Answer: It reduces fatigue and can maintain distance smoothly in flowing traffic. Drivers must stay alert because cut-ins, poor weather, and lane uncertainty still require active supervision.

[Question: What is IIHS Top Safety Pick and does it matter?]
Answer: It is an independent safety award based on crashworthiness, crash avoidance tech, and headlight performance. It is a useful benchmark, but buyers should still review detailed test categories.

[Question: Are NHTSA 5-star ratings enough to choose a car?]
Answer: NHTSA ratings are valuable and easy to compare, especially for core crash categories. Combining NHTSA with IIHS and real-world feature availability gives a more complete safety picture.

[Question: What is blind-spot monitoring?]
Answer: It uses radar/sensors to alert you when another vehicle is in your blind zone, often with mirror lights and audible warnings. It is an assist feature and does not replace mirror checks.

[Question: What is rear cross-traffic alert?]
Answer: It warns of approaching traffic when backing out of parking spaces with limited visibility. This feature is especially helpful in crowded lots and larger vehicles.

[Question: What is automatic emergency braking?]
Answer: AEB can detect collision risk and automatically apply brakes if the driver does not react in time. It significantly improves active safety but cannot prevent every crash scenario.

[Question: Do luxury cars cost more to insure?]
Answer: Usually yes, due to higher repair costs, parts pricing, and replacement value. Driver profile, ZIP code, and annual mileage also heavily influence premiums.

[Question: Which brands have best resale value overall?]
Answer: Toyota and Honda commonly lead mainstream resale, while select truck trims from Ford/GM/Ram also retain value strongly in high-demand markets. Desirable colors, low mileage, and clean records improve outcomes.

[Question: Which luxury brand holds value best?]
Answer: Lexus and Porsche often perform strongly in resale retention, with BMW/Mercedes/Audi varying by model and powertrain. Maintenance history and avoided accident records are crucial for premium resale.

[Question: What are common used-car red flags?]
Answer: Inconsistent service records, title branding, mismatched tire wear, fluid leaks, and warning lights are major caution signs. Always run a history report and get an independent inspection.

[Question: Should I buy or lease an EV?]
Answer: Leasing can be attractive for EVs if you want rapid technology turnover and lower payment exposure to long-term depreciation uncertainty. Buying is better if you drive high miles and plan to keep the vehicle long enough to capture fuel/maintenance savings.

[Question: What is depreciation and why does it matter?]
Answer: Depreciation is how much value a vehicle loses over time and often represents the largest ownership cost. Choosing strong resale models can reduce total cost significantly.

[Question: Is reliability more important than horsepower for daily use?]
Answer: For most customers, reliability and lower downtime save more money and stress over years than extra peak horsepower. Performance matters, but ownership goals should guide the balance.

[Question: What are common problems on high-mileage trucks?]
Answer: Common issues include suspension wear, transmission heat stress, turbo or exhaust-system wear on hard-use units, and cooling-system aging. A service history showing fluid maintenance is a strong positive sign.

[Question: What are common problems on high-mileage SUVs?]
Answer: Watch for suspension bushings, wheel bearings, cooling system leaks, and electronic accessory failures. Regular preventive maintenance often determines whether high-mileage ownership is smooth or costly.

[Question: How often should I rotate tires?]
Answer: A common recommendation is about every 5,000-7,500 miles unless the manufacturer specifies otherwise. Consistent rotation helps maximize tread life and keeps ride/noise balanced.

[Question: How do I reduce monthly payment without stretching term too far?]
Answer: Increase down payment, choose a lower trim, consider CPO options, and compare lender APR offers. Negotiating out-the-door price first also helps lower financed amount.

[Question: What is total out-the-door price?]
Answer: It is the final price including vehicle, dealer fees, taxes, registration, and any add-ons. Always request this number in writing before agreeing to finance terms.

[Question: Is buying at month-end better for deals?]
Answer: Sometimes dealers are more motivated near month/quarter end due to sales targets, but inventory and regional demand still drive pricing. The best strategy is comparing multiple written quotes.

[Question: Are maintenance packages worth adding at purchase?]
Answer: They can provide convenience and predictable costs if priced competitively with likely service usage. Compare included services and expiration limits before deciding.

[Question: How do I choose between gas, hybrid, and EV?]
Answer: Start with your daily miles, charging access, budget, and planned ownership length. Gas is simplest upfront, hybrid balances convenience and efficiency, and EV can minimize running cost when charging is convenient.

[Question: What is best vehicle type for mixed city and weekend trips?]
Answer: Compact or midsize hybrid SUVs are often the best all-around choice for space, efficiency, and comfort. They generally provide better flexibility than sedans with lower operating cost than full-size SUVs.

[Question: Should I prioritize warranty length or brand reliability history?]
Answer: Both matter: reliability history reduces ownership risk, while a strong warranty lowers short-term exposure. The best decision usually combines proven model reliability with clear warranty terms and service support.

[Question: What is the best negotiation strategy for car buying?]
Answer: Negotiate vehicle price first, compare financing separately, and request itemized out-the-door numbers from multiple dealers. Being ready to walk away is often your strongest leverage.

[Question: How do I know if a deal is good?]
Answer: Compare selling price against market listings for similar trim/mileage and verify all fees/add-ons. A good deal is competitive price, fair financing, and a vehicle that matches your real use case.

[Question: How much should I budget for annual maintenance on a mainstream vehicle?]
Answer: Many mainstream vehicles average roughly a few hundred to around $1,000+ per year in routine service depending on mileage and tire/brake cycles. Heavy use, towing, and performance tires can increase that.

[Question: Is CPO worth the extra price premium?]
Answer: CPO can be worth it for buyers who value warranty extension, inspection standards, and lower mechanical risk. The premium is often justified when compared with potential out-of-pocket repair surprises.

[Question: What should I ask before signing a lease?]
Answer: Ask for money factor/APR equivalent, residual value, mileage allowance, wear-and-tear terms, and disposition fees in writing. Understanding these numbers prevents expensive surprises at lease-end.

[Question: What should I ask before signing a finance contract?]
Answer: Confirm APR, term, total interest paid, prepayment rules, and all add-on products line by line. Review final out-the-door amount and monthly payment consistency before signing.

[Question: Is it better to repair my current car or trade it in?]
Answer: If repair cost approaches significant percentage of vehicle value or reliability remains uncertain, trading may be smarter. If repairs are moderate and vehicle remains dependable, keeping it can be cheaper overall.

[Question: How do warranties differ between luxury and mainstream brands?]
Answer: Basic warranty durations are often similar, but luxury ownership can still cost more due to parts and labor rates once coverage ends. Extended coverage and strict maintenance become more important in premium segments.

[Question: How does towing affect maintenance intervals?]
Answer: Frequent towing increases heat and wear, so many components need earlier fluid changes and inspections under severe-duty schedules. Transmission, differential, and brake service intervals often shorten.

[Question: Are maintenance records really important for resale?]
Answer: Yes, documented maintenance history can increase buyer confidence and support higher resale offers. Gaps in records often reduce value even when the vehicle appears clean.

[Question: Which is better for value: loaded trim or mid trim?]
Answer: Mid trims often deliver the best value because they include key safety/comfort features without steep luxury-package depreciation. Fully loaded trims can be great if you plan long-term ownership and will use the features.

[Question: How do I choose the right truck tow package?]
Answer: Match your trailer's fully loaded weight and tongue weight to truck tow/payload specs with margin. Confirm axle ratio, cooling, hitch class, and integrated brake controller are all included.

[Question: Is test-driving multiple brands worth the time?]
Answer: Absolutely, because seat comfort, visibility, steering feel, and infotainment usability are highly personal and hard to judge on paper. A short back-to-back drive often clarifies the best choice quickly.

[Question: What final checks should I do before taking delivery?]
Answer: Verify VIN, trim/options, tire condition, mileage, key fobs, manuals, and any promised accessories in writing. Confirm there are no warning lights and that all agreed financial terms match the contract.
Q: Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?
A: the College of Science

Q: What professorship did Father Josh Carrier hold at Notre Dame?
A: Professor of Chemistry and Physics

Q: When did Beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management?
A: 2010

Q: How many records has Beyonce sold in her 19 year career?
A: 118 million

Q: What French composer wrote the original opera ''Carmen'' in the 19th century?
A: Georges Bizet

Q: How many dates did Beyonce's "The Mrs. Carter Show" entail?
A: 132

Q: How many dates did the Mrs. Carter Show World Tour have?
A: 132

Q: How did Beyonce deal with the miscarriage of her child?
A: wrote music

Q: Beyonce cites Mariah Carey to making her want to start doing what?
A: vocal runs

Q: What song by Mariah Carey influenced her?
A: Vision of Love

Q: Which month and year did Beyonce credit Madonna for inspiring her to take control of her career?
A: February 2013

Q: Who inspired Beyoncé to take control of her career?
A: Madonna

Q: in September 2010, what career area did Beyonce start exploring?
A: modelling

Q: The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition was released in what year?
A: 2013

Q: How much money did The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition fragrance make?
A: 400 million

Q: The ECHR noted that among certain academics, what act carried out by the Serbs agains Bosnian Muslims and Croats did not constitute genocide?
A: ethnic cleansing

Q: What establishments did Frédéric frequently visit in Paris that influenced his career?
A: Paris salons

Q: What is the name of the actor who received and Oscar nomination for his role as Chopin?
A: Cornel Wilde

Q: What is the name of the muse carved on Chopin's tombstone?
A: Euterpe

Q: Who wrote in their will that they received loving care from the emperor in the east?
A: The Tai Situpa

Q: What company was first to create a means of connecting the iPod to an automobile?
A: BMW

Q: In what year did Apple reveal that it would provide compatibility with a wide range of auto manufacturers?
A: 2005

Q: Which company provides the ability to connect to iPods as a standard feature in their automobiles?
A: Scion

Q: Which car company released the first automobile interface for the iPod?
A: BMW

Q: Which car company first offered iPod connectivity as a standard feature on their whole product line?
A: Scion

Q: What has become a standard inclusion in cars for several different auto companies?
A: audio input jacks

Q: Which type of iPod car integration product is illegal in certain countries?
A: FM transmitters

Q: What audio integration feature has become standard on many car models?
A: audio input jacks

Q: If Link is not moving, where will he put the projectile he's carrying?
A: on the ground

Q: What was one feature that could not be implemented in Ocarina of Time?
A: horseback combat

Q: What was the specific area of gameplay that had not been done in Ocarina of Time?
A: horseback combat

Q: For which auto maker did Williams first develop the C-X75?
A: Jaguar

Q: What two cars were featured in a chase scene along the banks of the Tiber River?
A: Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75

Q: Which companies revealed Spectre's official car?
A: Aston Martin and Eon

Q: What logo did the Williams race team have on their cars for the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix?
A: 007

Q: Where did a cargo train derail as a result?
A: Hui County, Gansu

Q: What happened to the cargo train?
A: caught on fire

Q: Where did a cargo train derail?
A: Hui County, Gansu

Q: Where is health care poor in China?
A: inland areas

Q: Who made a direct chartered cargo flight?
A: China Airlines

Q: What date did the cargo flight leave?
A: May 15

Q: Where was the most precarious quake lake located?
A: Mount Tangjia in Beichuan County, Sichuan

Q: What was to be carried out at schools after the quake?
A: safety checks

Q: The Statue of Liberty is taken care of by what organization?
A: National Park Service

Q: What nation provided the most legal immigrants to New York City in the Caribbean?
A: the Dominican Republic

Q: In what year did the Port of New York and New Jersey deal with unprecedented cargo volume?
A: 2014

Q: The largest municipal healthcare in the US is what?
A: New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation

Q: What percentage of people living in Manhattan own a car?
A: 22

Q: What percentage of Americans drive cars to work?
A: 90%

Q: What percentage of New York households don't own an automobile?
A: 52%

Q: What percentage of Manhattan residents own an automobile?
A: 22%

Q: What is the busiest bridge for cars in the world?
A: George Washington Bridge

Q: Which tunnel do 120,000 vehicles travel through a day in NYC?
A: The Lincoln Tunnel

Q: How many vehicles utilize the Lincoln Tunnel daily?
A: 120,000

Q: Which actor received An Oscar for his role of Atticus Finch in the 1962 movie of the book?
A: Gregory Peck

Q: What is the name of the solar powered car race held every two years?
A: The World Solar Challenge

Q: What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car in 1987?
A: 67 kilometres per hour (42 mph)

Q: What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car by 2007?
A: 90.87 kilometres per hour (56.46 mph)

Q: What are some other similar car races that use solar powered vehicles?
A: The North American Solar Challenge and the planned South African Solar Challenge

Q: What is a possible alternative to making carbon-based fuels from reduction of carbon dioxide?
A: hydrogen production from protons

Q: What is wrong with the health care system in Tajikistan?
A: , the system remains extremely underdeveloped and poor, with severe shortages of medical supplies

Q: On what day were King Dom Carlos I and and his heir, Prince Royal Dom Luis Filipe, Duke of Braganza, murdered?
A: 1 February 1908

Q: Under the rule of King Dom Carlos I, on what two days was Portugal declared bankrupt?
A: on 14 June 1892, and again on 10 May 1902

Q: Who succeeded King Dom Carlos I as king?
A: Manuel II of Portugal

Q: What two autonomous regions have their own governments in Portugal?
A: Azores and Madeira

Q: What was the Carnation Revolution?
A: left-wing military coup in Lisbon

Q: In which year did the Carnation Revolution take place?
A: 1974

Q: In which year did the Carnation Revolution take place?
A: 1974

Q: What period followed the Carnation Revolution?
A: PREC period

Q: What automotive brands exist in Portugal?
A: Volkswagen Autoeuropa and Peugeot Citroen

Q: Where is Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa assembly plant located?
A: Palmela

Q: What is the primary flag-carrier in Portugal?
A: TAP Portugal

Q: What is one example of a state-managed autonomous research institution?
A: INETI – Instituto Nacional de Engenharia, Tecnologia e Inovação

Q: What are the two main components of cardiovascular disease?
A: ischaemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease

Q: By what group was Amadeo de Souza-Cardoso most heavily influenced by?
A: French painters, particularly by the Delaunays

Q: What is one of Amadeo de Souza-Cardoso's best known works?
A: Canção Popular a Russa e o Fígaro

Q: Who are some well known artists that Kanye produced for early in his career?
A: Jay-Z and Alicia Keys

Q: How many albums has Kanye released since starting his solo career in 2004?
A: 7

Q: How many total CDs has Kanye West released in his career so far?
A: 7

Q: Who did Kanye meet early in his career who later mentored him?
A: DJ No I.D.

Q: What types of records did Kanye sample in his early career.
A: classic soul records

Q: When did Kanye West start his production career?
A: mid-1990s

Q: What career was Kanye's ultimate dream?
A: rapper

Q: What did Kanye's peers see him as while he tried to pursue his rap career?
A: a producer

Q: What was the date of Kanye's car wreck?
A: October 23, 2002

Q: With the help of his mom, what foundation did Kanye create early in his career?
A: Kanye West Foundation

Q: Which President did Kanye West accuse of "Not caring for black people"?
A: George W. Bush

Q: Who did Kanye West say doesn't care about black people?
A: George Bush

Q: What overabundance of themes did Kanye criticize early in his career?
A: homophobia in hip hop

Q: How many songs has Kanye sold digitally in his career?
A: over 30 million

Q: In awakening to the true nature of the self, one no longer care about what?
A: objects

Q: What Yogacarins asserted that the mind was not truly existent?
A: Vasubandhu and Asanga

Q: Nirvana and what term carry the same meaning?
A: Bodhi

Q: What term means "great vehicle"?
A: Mahayana

Q: What does craving carry with it?
A: defilements

Q: When did the wildcard round become a factor?
A: season one

Q: How many wildcards were chosen by the judges in season eight?
A: four

Q: How many wildcard contestants were advanced in the competition in season ten?
A: three

Q: What season saw the return of the Wild Card round?
A: season eight

Q: How many wildcard contestants were chosen?
A: four

Q: What year did Carrie Underwood win American Idol?
A: 2005

Q: How many record has Carrie Underwood sold since winning American Idol?
A: 65 million

Q: What was the first song released by Carrie Underwood after winning American Idol?
A: Inside Your Heaven

Q: Which contestant cared for his brain-damaged fiancee?
A: Chris Medina

Q: What was Mariah Careys position on season 12 of American Idol?
A: Judges

Q: What website showed video of an altercation between Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj?
A: TMZ

Q: How many seasons was Mariah Carey a judge on American Idol?
A: one

Q: What car company had a relationship with American Idol in season 14?
A: Ford Motor Company

Q: In addition to Clay Aiken and Kellie Pickler, which other Idol is from North Carolina?
A: Chris Daughtry

Q: What show helped launched the career of Kelly Clarkson?
A: American Idol

Q: What show helped launched the career of Carrie Underwood?
A: American Idol

Q: What show helped launched the career of Daughtry?
A: American Idol

Q: Which American Idol contestant won an Oscar for Dreamgirls?
A: Jennifer Hudson

Q: What year did Carrie Underwood win a Country Music Award for Best Female Artist?
A: 2006

Q: What singer criticized Carrie Underwood for winning a Country Music Award?
A: LeAnn Rimes

Q: Who did Carrie beat out for the award?
A: Faith Hill

Q: Who said that Carrie had not paid her dues to win that award?
A: LeAnn Rimes

Q: Which mobile carrier became a sponsor of American Idol in its second season?
A: AT&T Wireless

Q: How long do female dogs carry before delivering puppies?
A: 58 to 68 days

Q: Dogs exhibit carnivore as well as what other type of dietary behavior?
A: omnivores

Q: Cats are known as what type of carnivore?
A: obligate

Q: Vehicle accidents with resulting injuries that involve dogs are more common with what type of vehicle?
A: two-wheeled vehicles.

Q: What sort of vehicle is most likely associated with accidents involving dogs?
A: two-wheeled vehicles

Q: What is the common name of the species that causes Toxocariasis?
A: dog roundworm

Q: How are Toxicara canis infections spread?
A: dog feces

Q: About how many people get a Toxocara infection each year?
A: 10,000

Q: Toxocariasis can lead to what in humans?
A: retinal damage and decreased vision.

Q: Toxocariasis is caused by what kind of eggs in dog feces?
A: roundworm

Q: What percentage of people in America are infected with the Toxocara infection?
A: 14

Q: How many Toxocara infection cases are reported annually in the US?
A: 10,000

Q: If toxocariasis is left untreated, what can happen to a person?
A: retinal damage and decreased vision

Q: When did the tradition of people carrying the Olympic torch before the Olympic games begin?
A: 1936 Summer Olympics.

Q: How many days did people carry the Olympic torch before the 2008 Summer Olympics?
A: 129 days

Q: When was it decided that Air China would be the official torch carrier?
A: March 2008

Q: Who was the first person to carry the torch?
A: Alexandros Nikolaidis

Q: Who was the biggest shareholder of Carrefour?
A: the LVMH Group

Q: Where were anti-protesters blocked from entering a Carrefour store with Chinese flags?
A: Kunming

Q: What happened to protesters who tried to interrupt the carrying of the torch?
A: arrested

Q: Who is the first MMA fighter to participate in carrying the Olympic torch?
A: Fedor Emelianenko

Q: What is the name of the MMA fighter who carried the torch in Russia?
A: Fedor Emelianenko

Q: Along with Francesca Martinez, who decided to not carry the torch?
A: Richard Vaughan

Q: How many people carried the torch in England for the 2008 Olympics?
A: 80

Q: Rather than being carried by an athlete, how did the torch end its route in Paris?
A: by bus

Q: Where was the last part of the San Francisco torch relay carried through before getting on a bus?
A: Marina district

Q: What was on the banner that was displayed where the torchbearers would carry the torch?
A: Free Tibet

Q: What was the name given to the torch carried on the alternative march?
A: Human Rights Torch.

Q: Which actress carried the torch for part of the route?
A: Sulaf Fawakherji

Q: Where was the only place the Olympic torch was carried in the Middle East?
A: Muscat

Q: Instead of a traditinal relay, where was the track the torch was carried in Pakistan?
A: Jinnah Stadium.

Q: How many runners carried the torch in New Delhi?
A: 70

Q: What retired police officer refused to carry the torch in India?
A: Kiran Bedi

Q: What type of facility was the torch carried at instead.
A: stadium.

Q: Which athlete carried the torch for the final leg?
A: Ian Thorpe

Q: How many torchbearers carried the torch in Vietnam?
A: 60

Q: How many torchbearers carried the torch?
A: 120

Q: How many torchbearers carried the torch in Macao?
A: 120

Q: Who was the first person to carry the torch in Macao?
A: Leong Hong Man

Q: Carrefour was boycotted because of which shareholder?
A: LVMH Group

Q: Which website had mentions of the Carrefour boycott removed by the government?
A: Sohu.com

Q: When did protests in front of Carrefour's stores occur in China?
A: May 1

Q: Who removed Carrefour boycott comments from some websites?
A: the Chinese government

Q: What day did protests occur in front of Carrefour stores?
A: May 1.

Q: What Cartesian concept did Whitehead believe to be erroneous?
A: reality is fundamentally constructed of bits of matter that exist totally independently of one another

Q: What theory did Whitehead prefer to the Cartesian concept?
A: event-based or "process" ontology in which events are primary and are fundamentally interrelated and dependent on one another

Q: How did Descartes' distinguish types of existence?
A: two different kinds of real existence, either exclusively material or else exclusively mental

Q: Whitehead rejected the Cartesian idea in favor of what?
A: an event-based or "process" ontology

Q: What do Margaret Stout and Carrie M. Staton view as commonalities between Whitehead and Follett?
A: ontology that "understands becoming as a relational process; difference as being related, yet unique; and the purpose of becoming as harmonizing difference."

Q: What was the former name of Fort Oscar?
A: Gustav Adolph

Q: On what part of the island is Fort Oscar located on the far side of?
A: La Pointe

Q: What type of vehicles participate in the AG2R Race?
A: boats

Q: How many people are in the vehicle for the AG2R Race?
A: two

Q: In what experimental contexts are experiments being carried out on minimal genomes?
A: in vivo and in silico

Q: What is a term used for programs that automatically visit websites and record the data they find?
A: crawlers

Q: Who did Healthcare advocates change their case to include as a defendant?
A: Internet Archive

Q: What laws did Healthcare Advocates accuse Internet Archive of having broken?
A: the DMCA and the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act

Q: Who described the Dutch confederacy as exhibiting "Imbecility in the government; discord among the provinces; foreign influence and indignities; a precarious existence in peace, and peculiar calamities from war."
A: James Madison

Q: How many missions are carried out internally in Canada?
A: six core missions

Q: What type of military vehicle was maintained almost 15 years but never saw any action during the Cuban crisis?
A: an aircraft carrier

Q: What were the cardinals assigned?
A: a church in Rome as his titular church or linked with one of the suburbicarian dioceses

Q: What Latin word does "cardinal" come from?
A: cardo

Q: Which church still holds on to the original meaning of "cardinal" from the above Latin word?
A: The Church of England

Q: Who were the first people to be called cardinals in Rome?
A: the deacons of the seven regions of the city

Q: When were the Roman cardinals perceived as a privleged class among the Roman clergy?
A: 8th century

Q: What year did the ruling "only a cardinal was eligible to become pope" come in effect?
A: 769

Q: Who gave cardinals the right to elect the pope under the Papal Bull In nomine Domini?
A: Nicholas II

Q: What was it that gave cardinals the right to elect the pope?
A: the Papal Bull In nomine Domini

Q: In what year did the pope allow cardinals to wear the red hats?
A: 1244

Q: Who was the pope who gave cardinals the right to wear the hats?
A: Pope Innocent IV

Q: When is the earliest date of using the term cardinal as honorable church men used?
A: 747

Q: When was the title of cardinal reserved for the cardinals of Rome by Pius V?
A: 1567

Q: In regards to the word "cardinal" being used in cities other than Rome, who sent a letter to Pippin III?
A: Pope Zacharias

Q: Which pope declared that cardinals would be from Rome?
A: Pius V.

Q: In what year did Pope Pius IV wrote abou tthe selecting of cardinals?
A: 1563

Q: In what year did the Ecumenical Council of Trent write in regards to the selection of Cardinals?
A: 1563

Q: In what roles did cardinals have important roles?
A: secular affairs.

Q: What Caridinal had powers so great that he basically ran France?
A: Cardinal Richelieu

Q: Which cardinal acted a the leader of France due to his amount of power?
A: Cardinal Richelieu

Q: Who is the only person to ever become a cardinal king?
A: Henry, King of Portugal

Q: Pope Sixtus V limited the number of cardinals to?
A: 70

Q: What did the composition of the cardinals consist of?
A: comprising six cardinal bishops, 50 cardinal priests, and 14 cardinal deacons.

Q: Pope Paul VI increse the number of cardinal electors to?
A: 120

Q: Pope Paul VI raised the cap on cardinal electors from 70 to what?
A: 120

Q: Where do the cardinals work?
A: a church in the city of Rome or one of the suburbicarian sees

Q: What other title does the Dean of Collge of Cardinals receive upon appointment?
A: titular bishopric of Ostia

Q: Who held more power then the cardinal?
A: the Pope and crowned monarchs

Q: The Archdiocese of Milwaukee says that the correct way to address a cardinal in English is?
A: "Cardinal [First name] [Surname]"

Q: What is the proper way to address a cardinal according to the Archdiocese of Milwaukee?
A: Cardinal [First name] [Surname]

Q: How do cardinals sign traditionally?
A: by placing the title "Cardinal" (abbreviated Card.) after their personal name and before their surname

Q: When was the most recent election of a non-cardinal?
A: 1378

Q: When is the last time a non cardinal was elected as pope?
A: 1378

Q: Do any sees carry the right to the cardinalate?
A: no

Q: What is a cardinal bishop?
A: cardinals of the episcopal order

Q: Some cardinals are bishop in name only, what are they called?
A: Cardinal bishops

Q: In early times, who was generally electied to cardinal?
A: a Roman priest

Q: How many suburbicarian sees?
A: seven

Q: Cardinal bishops do not have any powers of governnace over the suburibicarian see since when?
A: 1962

Q: In what year was it decided that cardinal bishops had no power over the seven sees?
A: 1962

Q: The entire group of cardinals is known as what?
A: College of Cardinals

Q: Who is the only person who can judge a Cardinal in regards to laws of the church?
A: the pope

Q: What does the pope give to a new Cardinal?
A: a gold ring

Q: Who decides on the design of the item given to new Cardinals?
A: the pope

Q: What is the name of the hat that the pope used to wear when naming a new Cardinal?
A: a galero.

Q: What does the pope now wear when naming a new Cardinal?
A: scarlet biretta

Q: Which Cardinals still wear traditional clothing?
A: Eastern Catholic cardinals

Q: What does the color red symbolize in the clothing worn by Cardinals?
A: willingness to die for his faith

Q: Which item of clothing worn by cardinals is always white?
A: rochet

Q: The Cardinal bird was named as such because of what in relation to Cardinals of the church?
A: the scarlet color of cardinals' vesture

Q: When did Cardinals stop wearing purple or blue capes?
A: 1460s

Q: What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies?
A: the cardinalate expires

Q: What was a "lay cardinal" allowed to do that is not considered a normal status of a Cardinal?
A: marry

Q: What did the Code of Canon Law state in regards to Cardinals?
A: only those who are already priests or bishops may be appointed cardinals

Q: A cardinal who does not hold the title of "bishop" may not do what?
A: perform the functions reserved solely to bishops, such as ordination

Q: Cardinals who were not bishops have been promoted to Cardinal around the age of 80 since what year?
A: 1962

Q: In what year did the practice of allowing non priests to become Cardinals stop?
A: 1917

Q: In what year was it declared that Cardinals had to be bishops?
A: 1962

Q: In the time between electing new popes, what is the duty of the cardinal?
A: collate information about the financial situation of all administrations dependent on the Holy See and present the results to the College of Cardinals

Q: How many cardinal deacons were there in 2005?
A: 30

Q: How many years before a cardinal deacon can choose the order of the cardinal priests?
A: 10 years

Q: In 1939, how many Cardinals were Italian?
A: about half

Q: In 1994, how many Cardinals were Italian?
A: third

Q: What is the name of one of the deaconries in which Cardinals come from?
A: seven deacons in the Papal Household

Q: Which cardinals are ranked lowest?
A: cardinal deacons

Q: Who can become the cardinal protopriest?
A: The cardinal who is the longest-serving member of the order of cardinal priests

Q: Who is the cardinal protopriest at this time?
A: Paulo Evaristo Arns of Brazil

Q: In the College of Cardinals, the elected Dean needs the approval of who?
A: the Pope

Q: Patriarch cardinals are not given what title?
A: a suburbicarian see

Q: Who are the lowest ranking cardinals in the Catholic church?
A: cardinal deacons

Q: Who are the highest ranking cardinals in the Catholic Church?
A: cardinal bishops

Q: Which rank has the most cardinals?
A: Cardinal priests

Q: What was the original definition of a cardinal priest?
A: priests chosen by the pope

Q: Each cardinal priest has what?
A: a titular church in Rome

Q: In what year did Pope Sixtus V put a cap on the number of cardinals in the College of Cardinals?
A: 1587

Q: Who removed the cap on cardinals in the College of the Cardinals?
A: Pope John XXIII

Q: What language is Carduchi thought to have become?
A: Kurdish

Q: What color are headlamps on a vehicle?
A: white or selective yellow

Q: When did automakers start using electroluminescent technology to backlight gauges?
A: late 1950s

Q: What happens to the natural carcidan cycle when light-dark patterns are disrupted?
A: disrupt the natural circadian cycle

Q: What term describes the status of the different branches of government in Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina and Georgia?
A: separate and distinct

Q: In Vitruvius's mind, whose responsibility was it to see the principles carried out?
A: architect

Q: What was Ruskin's career?
A: art critic

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Cuba

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation protested its exclusion from the 2010 report?
A: Cuba

Q: Which magazine publication carried a statement from the Human Development Report Office in January, 2011?
A: The Economist

Q: What character was featured in the cartoon aired the day BBC broadcasting was restored?
A: Mickey Mouse

Q: What nickname did Schwarzenegger's co-stars call him by during his acting career?
A: Arnie

Q: What green technology did Schwarzenegger have installed at home to reduce his carbon footprint?
A: solar panels

Q: What actress claimed she also carried on an affair with Schwarzenegger while he was with Shriver?
A: Brigitte Nielsen

Q: What's the title of Schwarzenegger's autobiography?
A: Total Recall

Q: When was Schwarzenegger's autobiography released?
A: October 2012

Q: In addition to the Humvee, what other vehicle manufactured by AM General was Schwarzenegger first to own?
A: Hummers

Q: What aircraft carrier received maintenance at Devonport Dockyard?
A: Ark Royal

Q: When was the Charles Cross car park removed?
A: 2004

Q: In what cardinal direction is Crownhill Fort located outside the city?
A: north

Q: In what cardinal direction outside Plymouth is Devonport located?
A: west

Q: Was René Descartes an idealist or a materialist?
A: materialist

Q: René Descartes lived from what year to what year?
A: 1596-1650

Q: What was the name of the first vehicle to reach outer space?
A: the Aggregate-4

Q: The first ship to carry a human through space was called what?
A: Vostok 1

Q: The spaceship that carried Alan Shepard was named what?
A: Freedom 7

Q: What spacecraft carried  Valentina Tereshkova, the first woman in space?
A: Vostok 6

Q: How many people could the Gemini project carry?
A: 2

Q: The Voskhod 2 carrying two humans was launched on what date?
A: March 18, 1965

Q: The "Lunniy Korabl" or "LK" would carry how many people?
A: N1

Q: What animal was carried aboard the  Zond 5?
A: tortoises

Q: Which Russian rocket carries passengers to and from the International Space Station?
A: R-7 rocket

Q: What was William Tillcar's profession?
A: Turner

Q: What tavern did William Tillcar live adjacent to?
A: Sun Tavern

Q: What was a function of distant country pubs before the rise of motor vehicles?
A: serving travellers as coaching inns

Q: What cartel has been known to be in Oklahoma city?
A: Juárez Cartel

Q: What year should the streetcar become operable?
A: 2017

Q: How is childcare viewed in a hunter-gatherer society?
A: childcare is collective

Q: What policies did a State Department official accuse UNFPA of helping China carry out?
A: population control policies

Q: How many autonomous republics make up the RSFSR?
A: sixteen

Q: How many autonomous oblasts were part of the RSFSR?
A: five

Q: Who eliminated the Karachay Autonomous Oblast?
A: Joseph Stalin

Q: When was the Karachay Autonomous Oblast ended?
A: 1943

Q: What republic was the territory of the Karachay Autonomous Oblast transferred to?
A: Georgian SSR

Q: What republic did the Karakalpak Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic become a part of?
A: the Uzbek SSR

Q: When was the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic transferred from the Georgian SSR?
A: January 9, 1957

Q: What territory was transferred along with the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic?
A: Karachay Autonomous Oblast

Q: Who transferred the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1957?
A: Khrushchev

Q: To what republic was the Karachay Autonomous Oblast transferred in 1957?
A: the Russian SFSR

Q: What republic had the Karachay Autonomous Oblast previously been a part of?
A: the Georgian SSR

Q: After a trip to what city did Carl Laemmle leave the dry goods business?
A: Chicago

Q: Who bought the Oswald the Lucky Rabbit cartoons in 2006?
A: Disney

Q: Who was 2006 seller of the Oswald cartoons?
A: NBC Universal

Q: Who began producing Oswald cartoons for Universal in 1929?
A: Walter Lantz

Q: In what year did Walter Lantz cease producing Oswald cartoons for Universal?
A: 1943

Q: How many of Carl Laemmle, Sr.'s relatives were working for Universal as of 1928?
A: 70

Q: What was Carl Laemmle, Sr.'s nickname at Universal?
A: Uncle Carl

Q: At what age did Carl Laemmle, Jr. become president of Universal?
A: 21

Q: What Academy Award-winning director was a relative of Carl Laemmle's?
A: William Wyler

Q: What was Carl Laemmle Jr.'s nickname?
A: Junior

Q: Along with distribution and studio operations, what part of Universal was retained by Carl Laemmle, Jr. during bankruptcy?
A: production operations

Q: In what year did Bell's father take him to see an automaton?
A: 1863

Q: Who created the automaton Bell saw?
A: Sir Charles Wheatstone

Q: What did the automaton mimic?
A: human voice

Q: Bell built his own automaton with who?
A: Melville

Q: What part of the automaton did Bell create?
A: skull

Q: On what material did the phonautograph operate?
A: smoked glass

Q: What instrument is a phonautograph similar to?
A: pen

Q: What company did Bell acquire the carbon microphone from?
A: Western Union

Q: In the photophone, light carried sound and what?
A: normal human conversations

Q: When did Rodolphe Töpffer create cartoons?
A: 1830s

Q: What is Japanese cartooning known as?
A: manga

Q: The historical aspect of cartooning can be applied to mass reproduction or what?
A: recurring characters

Q: Where did gag cartoons first make an appearance?
A: Europe

Q: When did gag single-panel illustrations become known as cartoons?
A: 1843

Q: In which publication was cartoon first used to describe gag single-panel illustrations?
A: Punch

Q: What 1925 cartoon made speech bubbles popular?
A: Zig et Puce

Q: Pilote cartoonists were upset with censorship and what?
A: editorial interference

Q: What kind of vehicle offers basic transportation to people in Saint Helena?
A: A minibus

Q: What is the form of hydrogen and carbon called?
A: hydrocarbons

Q: What browser was automatically included with OS X?
A: Safari

Q: When did the County of Barcelona separate from the Carolengian Empire?
A: 988

Q: When did macaronic Latin start showing signs of Catalan?
A: 11th century

Q: What contraption is used to carry the paper to the web printing presses?
A: reels

Q: Along with Barbra Streisand, Carole King, Cat Stevens and Bread, who was a prominent soft rock artist of this era?
A: James Taylor

Q: What type of musicians were artists such as Diana Ross, James Taylor, Carly Simon, Carole King and Janis Ian?
A: singer-songwriters

Q: Along with Barbra Streisand, the Carpenters, Dionne Warwick, Barry Manilow and Olivia Newton-John, what adult contemporary staple found it more difficult to score chart hits in the 1980s?
A: John Denver

Q: What milestone did Celine Dion, Mariah Carey, Phil Collins, Michael Bolton, Whitney Houston and Shania Twain share on the 1990s adult contemporary charts?
A: multiple number ones

Q: Along with Josh Groban, what notable pop artist started out his career on adult contemporary radio?
A: Michael Bublé

Q: Along with Trey Songz, Patti LaBelle, Toni Braxton, Whitney Houston, Aretha Franklin, Frank Ocean, Craig David and Mariah Carey, who is a well-known urban AC artist?
A: Luther Vandross

Q: Along with Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, Nat King Cole, The Carpenters, Percy Faith and Andy Williams, who is an artist played on AC stations around Christmastime but not otherwise?
A: Johnny Mathis

Q: How many lay vicars are there?
A: 12

Q: When was the office of Priest Vicar created?
A: 1970s

Q: Who cares for and manages the Pyx Chamber and chapter house?
A: the Dean and Chapter of Westminster

Q: Who does the Kindlifresserbrunnen scare?
A: disobedient children.

Q: How many of the working population use private cars?
A: 20.6%

Q: Have studies shown DST generally increases or reduces gas consumption from cars?
A: increases

Q: What part of your vehicle should you remember to check twice a year?
A: lights

Q: Do emissions from vehicle exhaust cause lower or higher pollution before dawn?
A: higher

Q: What kind of pollution is caused by emissions from cars while they're sitting in traffic?
A: air pollution

Q: What body carried out on-site inspection of member schools of the RIBA Board?
A: Visiting Board

Q: Where in the National Archives can you view a copy of the Magna Carta?
A: main chamber

Q: who is Lewis Carroll's youngest brother?
A: Reverend Edwin Heron Dodgson

Q: What former leader of a car manufacturing company attended KU?
A: Alan Mulally

Q: Politicians who were at the end of their political careers were offered what kind of position with companies they were involved with politically?
A: senior management or committee position

Q: *Slověninъ, plural *Slověne, is the Slavic autonym reconstructed in what?
A: Proto-Slavic

Q: The idea of "Carpatho-Ruthenian" nation is supported only by Lemkos residing where?
A: Transcarpathia and abroad

Q: Slavs that remained in the Carpathian basin were assimilated into who?
A: the Magyar or Romanian population

Q: What famous ship left Southampton's port carrying the Pilgrim Fathers?
A: Mayflower

Q: To what political party does Caroline Nokes belong?
A: Conservative

Q: What utility company sponsored a carbon emissions survey in 2006?
A: British Gas

Q: In the 2006 study, Southampton was discovered to be one of the lowest carbon emitters out of major cities in what large geographical area?
A: United Kingdom

Q: Southampton's range of industries includes the manufacture of cars and what other transport?
A: aircraft

Q: What race named after a car company used to be hosted in Southampton?
A: the Volvo Ocean Race

Q: Besides Carnival, what other major cruise line parks its record-breaking cruise ships in Southampton Water?
A: Royal Caribbean

Q: In addition to P&O Cruises and Cunard Line, what other brand does Carnival Corporation own?
A: Princess Cruises

Q: In what decade was the ferry port built in Southampton to carry people to exotic destinations on the continent?
A: 1960s

Q: By what year did car ferries finish operating from Southampton, other than the one to the Isle of Wight?
A: 1996

Q: What location that was once filled with passengers, dry docks, and trains is now a holding area for new cars?
A: Eastern Docks

Q: What bus service did the University of Southampton commission to carry people between the city and the university?
A: Uni-link

Q: The Treaty of Locarno guarantees each signatory against what from another signatory?
A: attack

Q: Signing a self-executing treaty automatically does what for a party?
A: puts the treaty and all of its obligations in action

Q: Nations can be careful about terming an agreement a treaty because it has the effect of recognizing that the other side is a what?
A: a sovereign state

Q: What determines whether a breach automatically suspends or terminates treaty relations?
A: how the other parties regard the breach and how they resolve to respond to it

Q: The Islamic Prophet Muhammad carried out a siege against what tribe in February 624?
A: the Banu Qaynuqa tribe

Q: Which of Tito's grandchildren is a cardiologist and writer?
A: Svetlana Broz

Q: In what vehicles did the Marshall Islanders travel by water?
A: canoe

Q: What nation had control of the Carolines?
A: Spain

Q: What was simliar to the english magna cartas habeas corpus?
A: nobility a guarantee against arbitrary arrest

Q: What other career did Virgil consider?
A: rhetoric and law

Q: What was the title of Jean-Baptiste Wicar's artwork inspired by the Aeneid?
A: Virgil Reading the Aeneid

Q: What is an example of a valley carved by glaciers during the ice ages?
A: The Inn valley

Q: Who was the Carthaginian general?
A: Hannibal

Q: When is Carnival celebrated?
A: before Lent

Q: How is furniture traditionally carved?
A: elaborately

Q: How many vehicles use the roads?
A: 6 million

Q: Why are villages considering becoming car free zones?
A: reasons of sustainability

Q: What project used an automated version of the Sanger method in its early stages?
A: the Human Genome Project

Q: How many autonomous sectors does Guinea-Bissau contain?
A: one

Q: What is the grid plan aligned with rather than the cardinal directions?
A: Hudson River

Q: Do most wide streets carry one-way or two-way traffic?
A: two-way

Q: Who takes care of the 132nd Street Community Garden?
A: local residents

Q: Most of the processes of the autonomic nervous system are called what?
A: not under direct voluntary control

Q: What did he become in his later career?
A: a high official in the Ottoman Empire

Q: How many company vehicles did angry protesters overturn at the Zhejiang Jinko Solar Company?
A: eight

Q: Where is the only She autonomous county in China?
A: Lishui

Q: What kind of card will allow a cable-ready TV to display HD content without an external box?
A: CableCARD

Q: In addition to being carbon neutral, what other adjective describes wood that makes it compelling as a renewable energy source?
A: abundant

Q: What essential liquid is the sapwood tasked with carrying around a tree?
A: water

Q: The capability of diffuse-porous woods to carry what substance is spread out in the growth ring?
A: water

Q: What approximate percentage of carbon does wood have?
A: 50%

Q: Instead of rubber, what important part of a car might someday be replaced by components of wood?
A: tire

Q: What other modern material has joined composites, carbon fiber, titanium, and aluminum to replace wood in the manufacture of sporting equipment?
A: fiberglass

Q: Along with textiles, wood carving and pottery, what ancient cultural activity still dominates Somalia today?
A: monumental architecture

Q: Along with wood carving, architecture and pottery, what is a notable Somali artistic tradition?
A: music

Q: What is the name of the headscarf worn by married women?
A: shaash

Q: In what year did the Carolingians take over Neustria?
A: 753

Q: Of what class were most inhabitants of the Carolingian Empire?
A: peasants

Q: About how many counts existed in the Carolingian Empire?
A: 300

Q: In what settlements did most inhabitants of the Carolingian Empire live?
A: small farms

Q: Along with the British Isles, with what land did the Carolingians trade?
A: Scandinavia

Q: What type of architecture did the Carolingian Empire bring back into use?
A: the basilica

Q: Along with carved ivories, what religious works of the Early Middle Ages were common?
A: illuminated manuscripts

Q: The importance of what military arm increased during the Carolingian era?
A: heavy cavalry

Q: Along with gardening, animal husbandry and child-care, what work did medieval peasant women do?
A: taking care of the household

Q: When did Robert Guiscard die?
A: 1085

Q: What kingdom grew out of the duchy founded by Robert Guiscard?
A: Kingdom of Sicily

Q: What were many pieces of secular art carved from in this period?
A: ivory

Q: In what year was the Malleus Maleficarum published?
A: 1486

Q: What was the Malleus Maleficarum?
A: handbook for witch-hunters

Q: Who carved the Pulpit in Sant'Andrea?
A: Giovanni Pisano

Q: Along with being carved, how were altarpieces often decorated in this period?
A: Painted

Q: Along with autopsies, what is it erroneously believed that the medieval Church forbade?
A: dissections

Q: Who founded autosegmental phonology?
A: John Goldsmith

Q: What did Autosegmental phonology morph into?
A: feature geometry

Q: What was the first automatic, digital, programmable computer created by Konrad Zuse?
A: the Z3

Q: Where does Dr. Carlos Moore work?
A: Brazil's University of the State of Bahia

Q: What percentage of the population was "Black Caribbean"?
A: 1%

Q: How many were shipped to South America and the Caribbean?
A: 11.5 million

Q: How many slaves were imported by the British Caribbean?
A: 2.76 million

Q: What year did the initial incarnation of The Times start?
A: 1785

Q: The Supreme Court restricted registration of some vehicles with engines of 2000 cc and over until what date?
A: March 31, 2016

Q: Which transportation vehicles were banned from entering New Delhi?
A: vehicles that are more than 10 years old

Q: What city has the highest number of registered cars of any city in India?
A: New Delhi

Q: What type of vehicle transport system is owned by the Delhi Transport Corporation?
A: Buses

Q: How are orientation behavior studies traditionally carried out?
A: the Emlen funnel

Q: What is carefully defined in the standard?
A: Decoding

Q: What does the standard ReplayGain allow a player to automatically adjust?
A: the overall playback volume

Q: what label launched the careers of burrell?
A: Nu Groove Records

Q: Who developed the Carolingian minuscule script for handwriting?
A: Alcuin

Q: Carolingian minuscule script quickly spread across which continent?
A: Europe

Q: To which Secretary did Carothers write?
A: Secretary William Jennings Bryan

Q: Carranza met with his opposition at a meeting called what?
A: Convention of Aguascalientes

Q: The convention deposed Carranza in favor of whom?
A: Eulalio Gutiérrez

Q: Who was incarcerated while running against Diaz?
A: Madero

Q: Carranza threatened war with what country in order to maintain credibility nationally?
A: United States

Q: The last census in Mexico that asked for race was carried out in which year?
A: 1921

Q: Is a temporal delay necessary to produce an autocorrelation model of pitch perception?
A: unnecessary

Q: What form of car parade is held in Houston?
A: Art Car Parade

Q: Where in Houston is the world's largest grouping of healthcare institutions?
A: Texas Medical Center

Q: How does MD Anderson Cancer Center rank in US hospitals dealing with cancer care?
A: one of the top two

Q: What is the third largest acute care center in the U.S.?
A: Triumph Healthcare

Q: Where is the Triumph Healthcare hospital headquartered?
A: Houston

Q: What are compounds that have a carbon-copper bond called?
A: organocopper compounds

Q: What conditions effect the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper?
A: environmental

Q: What protein carries the majority of copper in blood?
A: Ceruloplasmin

Q: What does a researcher have to identify to carry out empirical research?
A: an appropriate analytical tool

Q: In cars with built-in voice recognition features, what can the onboard microphones be used for?
A: eavesdropping

Q: Assuming access has been gained to the car's internal controller area network, what is it possible to do?
A: disable the brakes and turn the steering wheel

Q: Who has used programs such as Carnivore and NarusInsight to eavesdrop on the systems of internet service providers?
A: the FBI and NSA

Q: How many credit card numbers were stole from Home Depot in 2014?
A: between 53 and 56 million

Q: What does NCAZ take care of?
A: national security aspects

Q: what part of their body do married women cover with a scarf?
A: hair

Q: What do plants use to convert inorganic molecules into carbohydrates, fats, proteins and other biomolecules?
A: light

Q: When an animal eats plants or another animal that has eaten plants, what happens to the reduced carbon compounds in the food?
A: become a source of energy and building materials for the animal

Q: What happens with the reduced carbon compounds in the food are broken down releasing stored solar energy?
A: giving the animal the energy required for motion

Q: What do you call the length of time that foam is on top of beer because of carbonation?
A: head retention

Q: What brewing process naturally carbonates beer?
A: fermentation

Q: What was a Carolingian Abbot credited for adding to beer in 822?
A: hops

Q: Other than the British Virgin Islands, what other area in the Caribbean uses the dollar as it's sole currency?
A: Turks and Caicos islands

Q: What is the term that represents a unit trust vehicle that allows endowments to be invested to produce returns for the lon term?
A: Unitised Scheme

Q: Which famous automobile designer is considered a non - academic alumni?
A: Nicholas Tombazis

Q: Where can you find carpets and objects from the orient?
A: Oriental Carpet Museum

Q: What was the nationality of Carl Lange?
A: Danish

Q: Who developed a situated perspective on emotion along with Andrea Scarantino?
A: Paul E. Griffiths

Q: Along with infant and animal emotion, what did Scarantino and Griffiths believe the situated perspective could help to explain?
A: phobias

Q: Along with Descartes, Machiavelli and Hume, what notable philosopher developed a theory of emotions?
A: Baruch Spinoza

Q: What profession studies the role of emotions in providing holistic health care?
A: Nursing

Q: When did Espanyol  offer a counter-petition against autonomy?
A: 1918

Q: How many caretaker managers have their been in the Everton FC's history?
A: four

Q: What type of carrier is the largest?
A: fleet carrier

Q: What capability does a fleet carrier offer?
A: offensive

Q: What purpose were excort carriers developed for?
A: to provide defense for convoys of ships

Q: What were most escort carriers built from?
A: mercantile hulls

Q: What are the soviet aircraft carriers used by Russia actually called?
A: heavy aviation cruisers

Q: What type of aircraft carrier was the USS Bogue?
A: Escort

Q: What advantage did light carriers have over escort carriers?
A: speed

Q: What was the expected serice life of the UK 1942 Design Light Fleet Carrier?
A: 3 years

Q: Who did the UK 1941 Design Light Fleet Carriers serve during the war?
A: Royal Navy

Q: When did Russia's United Shipbuilding Corporation expect to begin design work for a new carrier?
A: 2016

Q: What year was the goal for Russia's new carrier to achieve initial operational capability?
A: 2023

Q: Where was the Northern Fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed?
A: Murmansk

Q: Where was the Pacific Fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed?
A: Vladivostok

Q: What design feature do aircraft carriers feature to aid in launching and recovering aircraft?
A: flat-top flight deck

Q: Where are the most notable differences between a carrier and a land runway found?
A: The flight deck

Q: When did conventional carriers start recovering aircraft at an angle to port of the axial line of the ship?
A: early 1950s

Q: Where are ski-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers?
A: the forward end of the flight deck

Q: What type of flight decks are aircraft carriers equipped with?
A: full-length

Q: What purpose do aircraft carriers serve for aircraft?
A: carrying, arming, deploying, and recovering

Q: What have the old converted cruiser aircraft carriers evolved into?
A: nuclear-powered warships

Q: What do aircraft carriers allow naval forces to accomplish?
A: project air power worldwide without depending on local bases

Q: What was the first carrier-launched airstrike?
A: the Tondern Raid in July 1918

Q: When did aircraft carriers begin being know as the capital ship of the fleet?
A: World War II

Q: What type of carrier is capable of displacing 75,000 tonnes or greater?
A: Supercarriers

Q: Which ships are used for carrying and landing Marines?
A: Amphibious assault ships

Q: What do Amphibious assalut ships need a large contingent of for carrying Marines?
A: helicopters

Q: What is the British Navy constructing to replace their three Invincible-class carriers?
A: two new larger STOVL aircraft carriers, the Queen Elizabeth class

Q: Why do the constraints of constructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier?
A: they influence the weight, type, and configuration of the aircraft that may be launched

Q: Why do almost all carriers using conventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems?
A: conventional aircraft cannot decelerate on their own

Q: How is the Russian SU-33 able to launch from the carrier Admiral Kuznetsov?
A: with a minimal armament and fuel load

Q: Why did China purchase the STOBAR carrier Liaoning in 1998?
A: on the pretext of use as a floating casino

Q: Who started construction of a 40,000-tonne Vikrant-class carrier in 2009?
A: India

Q: What will the range of the Indian-made ship be, carrying 160 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft?
A: 8,000 nautical miles

Q: What were carriers used for in the early 20th century?
A: to deploy balloons

Q: As of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there worldwide?
A: thirty-seven

Q: What is another name for the 10 large nuclear-powered carriers operated by the U.S. Navy?
A: supercarriers

Q: How many aircraft can supercarriers carry?
A: up to 90

Q: Who owns the largest carriers in the world?
A: The United States Navy

Q: What is the definition of an "aircraft carrier"?
A: There is no single definition

Q: How may aircraft carriers be classified?
A: according to the type of aircraft they carry and their operational assignments

Q: Who said, "countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers"?
A: Admiral Sir Mark Stanhope

Q: What drove the advent of carrier-launched aircraft as focal weapons?
A: the superior range, flexibility and effectiveness

Q: Why were carrier-launched aircraft more effective than naval guns?
A: They had higher range and precision

Q: What event showed the vulnerability of carriers when forced into gun-range enounters?
A: the sinking of HMS Glorious by German battleships

Q: What was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering naval aircraft?
A: HMS Argus

Q: What caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers?
A: Washington Naval Treaty of 1922

Q: What type of aircraft carriers did these ship conversions give rise to in 1927?
A: Lexington-class

Q: How many in-service aircraft carriers are aimed for with EMALS?
A: three

Q: How many troops can Japan's largest military ship carry?
A: 400

Q: What will some of the current US fleet of Nimitz-class carriers be replaced with?
A: the ten-ship Gerald R. Ford class

Q: How much does the Gerald R. Ford-class carrier weigh?
A: 100,000 ton

Q: Other than Japanese carriers, which side of the flight deck are islands typically built on?
A: starboard

Q: What is the name of the 42,000 tonne nuclear-powered carrier commissioned in 2001?
A: Charles de Gaulle

Q: What type of missiles does the Charles de Gaulle carry?
A: Aster

Q: What type of carrier is the Charles de Gaulle?
A: CATOBAR

Q: How many new carriers per year did the House Armed Services Seapower subcommittee recommend in 7/24/07?
A: one every four years

Q: How many supercarriers did the U.S. fleet have following the deactivation of the USS Enterprise?
A: 10

Q: Which other carrier joins the USS America in active service?
A: USS Tripoli

Q: Why have aircraft carriers increased in size since World War II?
A: to accommodate a steady increase in aircraft size

Q: Why do nations risk significant political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict?
A: Today's aircraft carriers are so expensive

Q: What do Russian carriers include for launching lightly loaded conventional fighters?
A: a ski-jump ramp

Q: What do Russian carriers still use to recover?
A: traditional carrier arresting cables and a tailhook on their aircraft

Q: What class carrier is the Sao Paulo?
A: Clemenceau

Q: What type of carrier is Admiral Flota Sovetskovo Soyuza Kuznetsov?
A: STOBAR

Q: Which class of aircraft carriers is being constructed to replace the Invincible-class carriers?
A: Queen Elizabeth

Q: When did the agency acheive a semi-automated air traffic control system?
A: mid-1970s

Q: Who began their musical career as organist of Salford Cathedral?
A: Leslie Stuart

Q: What was the Carnian Pluvial event?
A: increased rainfall

Q: Prepaid cards for Microsoft Points are available in what denominations?
A: 1,600 and 4,000

Q: What carries the backbeat in hard rock drumming?
A: snare

Q: Along with aircraft, what object can be used to carry a telescope aloft?
A: balloon

Q: In which event did the rainforests collapsed in the carboniferous?
A: the Permian-Triassic extinction event

Q: What happened in the Carboniferous?
A: rainforest collapse led to a great loss of plant and animal life.

Q: What casued the automatic paper tape reader to stop?
A: a Control-S

Q: What caused the automatic paper tape reader to start again?
A: Control-Q

Q: Where does the name "Carriage Return" come from?
A: on a manual typewriter the carriage holding the paper moved while the position where the typebars struck the ribbon remained stationary

Q: What side does the carriage have to be pushed to when starting a new line?
A: right

Q: What used carriage return(CR) alone as a line terminator?
A: Macintosh OS, Apple DOS, and ProDOS

Q: What do bacteria use as carbon and energy sources?
A: opines

Q: What did Carnivore monitor?
A: email and electronic communications

Q: What was Carnivore renamed to?
A: DCS1000

Q: When did the FBI abandon Carnivore?
A: 2001

Q: What kind of software replaced Carnivore?
A: commercially available

Q: What questionaire has been used to measure the age in which adolescents should be able to engage in autonomous behaviors?
A: teen timetable

Q: Do White or Asian parents tend to expect autonomy earlier than the other?
A: White

Q: What are the three main types of autonomy?
A: emotional independence, behavioral autonomy, and cognitive autonomy

Q: How is behavioral autonomy defined?
A: encompasses an adolescent's developing ability to regulate his or her own behavior, to act on personal decisions, and to self-govern

Q: Adolescent cultural differences are especially visible in which type of autonomy?
A: Behavioral

Q: How is cognitive autonomy defined?
A: the capacity for an adolescent to partake in processes of independent reasoning and decision-making without excessive reliance on social validation

Q: Is an adolescent's mental health at its best when their feelings of autonomy match closely with their parents or when they are at odds?
A: match closely

Q: Does adolescent participation in family work and routines have a positive or negative influence on feelings of self-worth, care, and concern for others?
A: positive

Q: When was the census of sea life carried out in Antarctica?
A: International Polar Year

Q: When did explorer Carl Anton Larsen become a British citizen?
A: 1910

Q: Which prophet cared for Mary?
A: Zakariya

Q: What is Australia's busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo?
A: the Port of Melbourne

Q: Which port in Melborne is the busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo?
A: Port of Melbourne

Q: In what year did Melbourne set a target to reduce carbon emissions to net zero?
A: 2002

Q: Which city notably opted not to become carbon neutral in 2009?
A: City of Glen Eira

Q: By what year did Melbourne state it wished to be completely carbon neutral?
A: 2020

Q: Does Melbourne have one of the largest or smallest carbon footprints in the world?
A: largest

Q: Which year marked the start of the private automobile's popularity increase?
A: 1945

Q: Where are Peter Carey, Germaine Greer, and Thomas Browne from?
A: Melbourne

Q: What occupation to Peter Carey, Germaine Greer, and Thomas Browne hold?
A: writers and poets

Q: Melbourne is home to a research and development hub for which auto manufacturer?
A: Ford Australia

Q: The widening of what street helped to change the face of Melbourne into a car-dominated environment?
A: Hoddle Street

Q: Did the 1969 Melbourne Transportation Plan change Melbourne into a more car-dominated or tram-dominated environment?
A: car-dominated

Q: Did the rapid rise of motor vehicle ownership and highway developments lead to an increasing or declining inner city population?
A: declining

Q: Which port is Australia's largest container and general cargo port?
A: The Port of Melbourne

Q: Does Melbourne have a high or low dependency on the automobile?
A: high

Q: How many private vehicles travel Melbourne's 13,870 miles of road?
A: 3.6 million

Q: How many people did Carlton have per km2 between 2012 and 2013?
A: 9,000

Q: When was the Magna Carta peace treaty agreed upon?
A: 1215

Q: What led to the sealing of the Magna Carta?
A: baronial revolt

Q: What did Apple's HyerCard and MultiFinder add to the Macintosh?
A: cooperative multitasking

Q: Who designed the 40 mm autocannon?
A: Bofors of Sweden

Q: Carrier battle groups can launch what to intercept incoming threats?
A: fighter jets

Q: In the 1920s, which company developed the automatic 20 mm?
A: Rheinmetall

Q: Which Switzerland company obtained the patent for an automatic 20 mm gun during the first World War?
A: Oerlikon

Q: What was the name of the mechanical computer that used automation?
A: the Kerrison Predictor

Q: Air defence in such places as a carrier group are built around what?
A: a system of concentric layers

Q: The next layer's surface-to-air missiles are carried by what?
A: the carrier's escorts

Q: What acquired and automatically tracked incoming targets?
A: SCR-584 radar

Q: What is another name for the Circuit Recardo Tormo?
A: Circuit de Valencia

Q: What semi-automatic sniper do Snipers use?
A: M110

Q: How many MRAP vehicles has the Pentagon bought since 2007?
A: 25,000

Q: How many of the vehicles will be used for training?
A: 1,073

Q: How many of the 25,000 vehicles do they plan on getting rid of?
A: 7,456

Q: The Army will be keeping 5,681 of what vehicle?
A: Oshkosh M-ATV

Q: What does SECARMY stand for?
A: Secretary of the Army

Q: If the officers want to advance their careers even further, where is that available?
A: Army Correspondence Course Program

Q: Which part of Eritrea's health care goals have they been most successful in?
A: child health

Q: What are P roads, those that carry traffic between all major towns in Eritrea?
A: fully asphalted (throughout their entire length)

Q: How is depleted uranium used in missile re-entry vehicles?
A: ballast

Q: In what medium does the Pourbaix diagram change when carbonate anions interact with uranium(VI)?
A: carbonate containing solution

Q: What notable carbonates are often water soluble?
A: uranium

Q: What does a uranium(VI) cation form when it binds to two terminal oxides and three or more carbonates?
A: anionic complexes

Q: Along with uranium carbide and halide, what type of compound is often created with uranium hydride?
A: nitride

Q: Along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a notable carbide of uranium?
A: diuranium tricarbide

Q: What does not carry any decoration or insignia that can be worn on the person?
A: Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri

Q: In what year was Descartes' Discourse on Method published?
A: 1637

Q: What increased society's autonomy, self-awareness, and need for exchange of information?
A: Capitalism

Q: Who discovered carbon dioxide or fixed air?
A: chemist Joseph Black

Q: For which masterpiece did Cesare Beccaria become famous?
A: Crimes and Punishments (1764)

Q: Into how many languages was Cesare Beccaria's Crimes and Punishments (1764) translated?
A: 22

Q: When did the decolonization of Africa and the Caribbean accelerate?
A: 1960s and 1970s

Q: What computer model did Dell ask Officeworks to carry?
A: Inspiron

Q: What company bought the North Carolina plant from Dell?
A: Herbalife

Q: Which cartridges were shaped slightly differently?
A: Japanese (Famicom)

Q: Who released cartridges in mainland Europe?
A: Nintendo

Q: What was compatible with Famicom cartridges and FDS systems?
A: Twin Famicom

Q: The Zelda games were manufactured in what color cartridge?
A: gold

Q: What is the standard color of all other cartridges?
A: gray

Q: What color were cartridges produced by Nintendo for internal use?
A: yellow

Q: As cartridges couldn't be returned to Nintendo, the developers took on the entirety of what?
A: risk

Q: The force of pushing in the cartridge did what to the device over eventual use?
A: bent the contact pins slightly

Q: What material comprised the game cartridge connectors?
A: copper

Q: Following the Carolingian unification, the term Ashkenazi came to refer to the Jews of what two places?
A: medieval Germany and France

Q: In the story told by mystic Rabbi Elijah of Chelm, one of the German's family members rescued Jews in Palestine and carried them back to where in order to repay a previous favor?
A: Worms

Q: The genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by Behar et al. examined the genetic relationships among which Jewish groups?
A: all major Jewish groups

Q: The genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by Behar et al. examined the genetic relationship between Jewish groups and what other population?
A: non-Jewish ethnic populations

Q: Autosomal DNA is what?
A: a mixture from an individual's entire ancestry

Q: How many geneticists carried out the 2013 trans-genome study?
A: 30 geneticists

Q: In a 2006 study, how many autosomal SNPs were used?
A: five thousand

Q: What conflict shaped his career?
A: Conflict with Arius and Arianism

Q: The use of what caused the end of the use of streetcars in 1941?
A: trolleybus

Q: In what year were the first streetcars used in Seattle?
A: 1889

Q: Bob was in a car accident and couldn't remember his wifes name, what part of his brain could have been damaged?
A: hippocampus

Q: What happens to a person whose autobiographic memory is damaged?
A: that they cannot forget small details that otherwise would not be stored

Q: Who is responsible for the Census Bureau discarding the mulatto category?
A: Southern-dominated Congress

Q: What documentary features a white man in North Carolina?
A: Colored White Boy

Q: What was one of the causes of the health-care fraud case?
A: illegal promotion of prescription drugs

Q: How much was the largest healthcare fraud case in the US settled for?
A: $3 billion

Q: In what year were Medicaid and Medicare required to disclose information about their relationships with doctors and hospitals?
A: 2013

Q: Where can financial relationships between Medicaid, Medicare and pharmaceutical companies be found?
A: Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services website

Q: What are some of the schemes used to defraud the health care system?
A: Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) Violations, Off Label Marketing, Best Price Fraud, CME Fraud, Medicaid Price Reporting, and Manufactured Compound Drugs.

Q: What groups carry out most early drug discoveries?
A: research institutions

Q: What companies have been involved with health care fraud cases?
A: Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, AstraZeneca and Johnson & Johnson

Q: Did major healthcare organizations support or discourage interactions between doctors and industries?
A: encouraged greater interactions

Q: Along what highway did Umar bin Abdul-Aziz build caravanserais?
A: Khurasan

Q: What disgruntled poet shot at Victoria's carriage on March 2, 1882?
A: Roderick Maclean

Q: Where did Victoria and her family go to for safety during the revolutionary scare of April 1848?
A: Osborne House, a private estate on the Isle of Wight

Q: How many of Victorias daughters were carriers of the blood clotting disease that Leopold had?
A: two

Q: What is the sex of carriers that always suffer the blood clotting disease haemophi;ia B?
A: male

Q: Which two of Victoria's daughters also were carriers for the blood clotting disorder?
A: Alice and Beatrice

Q: What disease affected Leopold and was carried by two of Victoria's daughters?
A: haemophilia B

Q: Which of Victoria's daughters were carriers of haemophilia?
A: Alice and Beatrice

Q: Who fired a shot at Queen Victoria's carriage in 1849?
A: William Hamilton

Q: When did William Hamilton fire a powder charge at Victoria's carriage?
A: 1849

Q: Who attempted to assasinate Victoria while she was riding in a carriage?
A: Edward Oxford

Q: Who was riding in the carriage with Victoria when Oxford attempted to assasinate her?
A: Prince Albert

Q: What investor bought Iscar?
A: Warren Buffett

Q: How much cargo do railways transport per year?
A: 6.8 million tons

Q: When did Philip form and alliance with Hannibal of Carthage?
A: 215 BC

Q: Carthage was on the coast of what country?
A: Tunisia

Q: What Hellenistic practices heavily influenced Carthaginian culture?
A: military

Q: Who reformed the military in Carthage in 550 BCE?
A: Mago I of Carthage

Q: What Greek style was the core of Carthage's military?
A: phalanx

Q: What Spartan mercenary helped reform Carthage's military?
A: Xanthippus of Carthage

Q: Rome fought against the Carthaginians in what war?
A: First Punic War

Q: Ney had told Louis XVIII that he would carry Napoleon to Paris in what kind of container?
A: an iron cage

Q: At what location did the hearse carrying Napoleon's remains begin its procession?
A: the Arc de Triomphe

Q: A 2008 study supporting the original autopsy findings related to Napoleon's death analyzed samples of what substance taken from Napoleon and his family?
A: hair

Q: What did Napoleon do at cards, though he repaid losses?
A: cheated

Q: What grade was given to Northwestern on the 2010 College Sustainability Report Card  by The Sustainable Endowments Institute?
A: B-

Q: What did an autopsy reveal was in Rashidi Wheeler's system after he died during a practice?
A: ephedrine

Q: What year was the first railway line of the company Ferrocarril Central del Uruguay inaugurated?
A: 1869

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's population?
A: 1,325,968 persons

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Uruguay's population?
A: 3,241,003

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's female population?
A: 707,697

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's male population?
A: 618,271

Q: Rimer Cardillo was one of the country's leading what?
A: artists

Q: What is the annual Montevideo Carnaval part of?
A: the national festival of Carnival Week

Q: What does Iglesia Punta Carretas mean?
A: Punta Carretas Church

Q: Between what years was the Iglesia Punta Carretas built?
A: between 1917 and 1927

Q: What stle was the Iglesia Punta Carretas built in?
A: Romanesque Revival style

Q: When was the Golf Club of Punta Carretas founded?
A: 1894

Q: Before industrialization how were chickens normally cared for?
A: birds would have been kept extensively in small flocks, foraging during the day and housed at night.

Q: Islands in the Caribbean that include Dutch as an official language include Curaçao, Sint Maarten, and what other place?
A: Aruba

Q: If a West Fleming speaker were being extra careful to avoid the silent "h," they might over-correct into what sound?
A: g-sound

Q: Who developed a heat-treating method that allowed carbon filaments to be molded into shapes?
A: Lewis Latimer

Q: When did Latimer patent his "Process of Manufacturing Carbons"?
A: 17 January 1882

Q: What was the primary problem with early carbon filaments?
A: as they got hotter, their electrical resistance decreased

Q: What is the typical base type for automotive lamps?
A: Bayonet base lamps

Q: When did light bulb manufacturers establish a cartel to limit bulb life?
A: 1924

Q: When did authorities break up the light bulb cartel?
A: 1953

Q: What was the artificially low limit on bulb life placed by the cartel?
A: 1000 hours

Q: What is an article that is carried rather than worn that isn't regarded as clothing?
A: purses

Q: Who donates discard Western clothing to people in poor places?
A: charity organizations

Q: Who was the first player in history credited with collecting 3,000 career hits?
A: Anson

Q: What had the contest between the Cubs and the St. Louis Cardinals been dubbed as?
A: The Sandberg Game

Q: How many game-tying home runs did Sandberg get against the Cardinals at the Sandber Game?
A: two

Q: How long was Harry Caray's tenure  with the Cubs?
A: 17-year

Q: How did Caray become a well-known Chicago figure?
A: by broadcasting White Sox games for a decade

Q: How long had Caray been a St Louis Cardinals icon?
A: 25 years

Q: Who did Caray often playfully quarrel with?
A: Stone

Q: Why did Caray often playfully quarrel with Stone?
A: over Stone's cigar

Q: What does the crowd sing during the 7th inning to honor Caray's memory?
A: Take me out to the ballgame

Q: What did Harry Caray dub Wickers?
A: "Leather Lungs

Q: When was Harry Caray's final performance of "Take Me Out to the Ball Game"?
A: September 21, 1997

Q: Where did North Korea predict that MacArthur would enter Korea?
A: Incheon

Q: Why did General MacArthur suggest an amphibious landing at Inchon?
A: To relieve the Pusan Perimeter

Q: Who did General MacArthur ask to plan the amphibious attack?
A: Major General Hobart R. Gay

Q: Who initially opposed General MacArthur's landing plan?
A: the Pentagon

Q: Who sent a message to MacArthur giving him the authority to proceed past the 38th parallel?
A: Defense Secretary George Marshall

Q: Where did President Truman and General MacArthur meet on October 15, 1950?
A: Wake Island

Q: Who did not have faith in MacArthur's claim that victory was the only respectable outcome?
A: Truman

Q: What mistake did MacArthur make regarding the 38th parallel?
A: the Chinese would not enter the war

Q: Who was appointed Supreme Commander in Korea after the removal of General MacArthur?
A: General Ridgway

Q: What types of vehicles were the Fennica and Nordica?
A: multipurpose icebreakers

Q: What did Cara Cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people want?
A: immediacy

Q: What had the festival done for the past three years when the statement by Cara Cusumano was made?
A: used the Internet to present its content

Q: What is the one autonomous area in Greece?
A: Mount Athos

Q: What kind of health care exists in Greece?
A: universal health care

Q: Where does Greece's health care system rank out of 191 countries surveyed?
A: 14th

Q: What was the name of extinction level event that ended the dominance of the carnivores among therapsids?
A: Permian–Triassic

Q: During which time period did archosaurs begin to take over as the dominant carnivore?
A: Triassic

Q: During the Jurassic period which group came out as the most dominate for both carnivores and herbivores?
A: dinosaurs

Q: What was the total value of cargo on the Ganj-i-Sawai?
A: £325,000 and £600,000

Q: What are the usual reasons for an automatic disqualification?
A: low blows, weapon usage, interference, or assaulting the referee

Q: What is the name of one wrestler who acts like a cartoonish character?
A: Doink the Clown

Q: What can be important in a wrestler's career?
A: championship accomplishments

Q: What are some other career paths wrestlers embarked on?
A: music, acting, writing, business, politics or public speaking

Q: With what standard is the automatic exposure control system calibrated?
A: ISO 2721

Q: Who carried the castle?
A: the 4th Division

Q: Carbon Monoxide levels are about 3 times lower now than in what year?
A: 1992

Q: How many days a week does the city encourage people to go without a car?
A: two days

Q: How often do citizens need to get their cars examined?
A: biannual

Q: When was the autonomy of the municipalities eliminated?
A: 1928

Q: What gave the Federal District more autonomy?
A: first Statute of Government

Q: What do new cars in Mexico need to have?
A: catalytic converter

Q: How do people know which days to not drive their car?
A: ending digit of their license plates

Q: How many cars were still restricted in 2003?
A: 40%

Q: How can cars get exempt from the restrictions?
A: pass regular emissions tests

Q: Where does most of the artwork produced as the Academia de San Carlos get featured?
A: Museo Nacional de San Carlos

Q: The San Carlos Museum has art from who, among others?
A: Rembrandt, Velázquez, Murillo, and Rubens

Q: What type of art is shown in The Museo Carrillo Gil?
A: avant-garde

Q: In 1836, who invented the automatic revolver in Eli Whitney's gun manufacturing plant?
A: Samuel Colt

Q: In what year was the first automatic revolver invented?
A: 1836

Q: What percentage of New Haven's economy is based in services grounded in health care and education?
A: 56%

Q: At what cross streets, marking the center of the Hospital Green of Yale - New Haven Hospital, do food carts congregate on weekdays?
A: Cedar and York streets

Q: How many lunch carts are there in Yale's Campus during lunchtime?
A: over 150

Q: In what year was New Haven's Lighthouse Point carousel constructed?
A: 1916

Q: What decade ushered in the operation of horse-drawn carriages in New Haven?
A: the 1860s

Q: In addition to ground service, what other function is available at the Port of New Haven for offloading truck cargo?
A: loading docks

Q: How many transport vehicle can the harbor actually hold?
A: 200

Q: What hospital in New Haven provides notable cardiac emergency care?
A: Hospital of Saint Raphael

Q: What annual event at BYU is carried out in memory of former president Rex E. Lee, who built the Museum of Art on campus?
A: cancer fundraiser called the Rex Lee Run

Q: What parts of the sometimes "too nice" BYU culture is often caricatured?
A: marrying early and being very conservative

Q: What is a tell tale sign of someone experiencing a cardiac chest pain?
A: clenching their fists over their sternum

Q: Who has objected to the idea of IP because "property" implies scarcity?
A: Stephan Kinsella

Q: Having no natural scarcity makes IP different from what kind of property?
A: tangible

Q: Where does the Auto train originate
A: Auto Train, which originates at Lorton, Virginia, south of Washington, D.C

Q: What band named after a floating vehicle influenced Queen?
A: Led Zeppelin

Q: How is theology carried out in a confessional church?
A: by the community as a whole

Q: In what year was the Church of Scotland recognized as a Presbyterian institution by the moncarh?
A: 1688

Q: Most of the churches in Korea carry the same name, what is it?
A: Presbyterian Church of Korea

Q: How is most of Thuringia's clean gas consumption carried out?
A: carried out as Cogeneration in the municipal power stations

Q: Give an example of a predator that specializes in eating autotrophic species
A: zooplankton

Q: If scavengers' food becomes scarce, they may turn to what type of diet?
A: herbivorous

Q: What are organisms called that show carnivory and herbivory?
A: omnivores

Q: Why would carnivourous plants be difficult to classify into a food pyramid?
A: producing their own food but also digesting anything that they may trap

Q: What is the name of the character created by Carl Burgos?
A: the Human Torch

Q: What cartoon humorist did some high profile stories for Marvel in the early years?
A: Basil Wolverton

Q: What was Dan DeCarlo's spooky but humorous comic aimed at kids called?
A: Homer the Happy Ghost

Q: DeCarlo also penned a knock-off of what teen comic superstar?
A: Archie Andrews

Q: What was the name of DeCarlo's main character in his humorous teen series?
A: Homer Hooper

Q: In what year did Marvel introduce trading cards based on their characters?
A: 1990

Q: What trading card company did Marvel team up with to license these trading cards?
A: SkyBox International

Q: Which company had monopoly of the trade to supply slaves to the British colonies of the Caribbean?
A: Royal African Company

Q: Where were the Carnatic Wars?
A: British Indian Army

Q: When was the status of Dominions as equal autonomous communities given legal force?
A: 1931

Q: Many people of which ethnicity moved to Malaysia, Singapore and the Caribbean?
A: Chinese

Q: What are roots used for in beets and carrots?
A: to store food

Q: Who is known for maintaining her autonomy and reinventing her image in the music industry?
A: Madonna

Q: When did Madonna's relationship with Carlos Leon ended?
A: May 1997

Q: When did Madonna premiered her MDNA skincare line?
A: February 2014

Q: Madonna used which TV company to help with her career?
A: MTV

Q: Madonna used what to benefit her career?
A: sexual imagery

Q: Who wrote that Madonna is an almost scared feminist icon?
A: Professor Sut Jhally

Q: Madonna generated how much in sales in the first 10 years of her career?
A: $1.2 billion in

Q: How much cargo does the Port of London handle annually?
A: 45 million tonnes

Q: When did the single cable car operating in London begin service?
A: June 2012

Q: Who is the current sponsor of London's cable car operation?
A: the airline Emirates

Q: What was the approximate cost to build the Emirates Airline Cable Car?
A: £60

Q: Roughly how many passengers travel daily on London's cable car?
A: 3,500

Q: Automobile transportation is primarily used in what areas of London?
A: the suburbs

Q: What is the daily cost for most drivers to operate their cars within a given zone in the center of London?
A: £10

Q: By what percentage did the congestion charge decrease the amount of cars traveling through the center of London?
A: 35-per-cent

Q: Regulations normally carry the force of what?
A: law

Q: Regualtions carry force of law when based on reasonable interpretation of what?
A: relevant statutes

Q: What can result in incarceration?
A: crimes

Q: What are the best routes for career achievement in Burma ?
A: join the army or get government jobs, the main route to success in the country.

Q: Who developed the first commercial broadcast automation audio compression system?
A: Oscar Bonello

Q: What did a picture of Scargill have him appear to be doing?
A: giving a Nazi salute

Q: How did attention from the story impact Starr's career?
A: the attention helped to revive his career

Q: What was the name of Starr's autobiography?
A: Unwrapped

Q: In which newspaper did Lisa O'Carroll report the choice of judge?
A: The Guardian

Q: The Philippines stopped celebrating Carnival after what year?
A: 1939

Q: What is the Carnival celebration known as in Lutheran countries?
A: Fastelavn

Q: When does Carnival typically begin in the Netherlands?
A: on 11/11

Q: The term Carnival is very common in areas with a large presence of which religious sect?
A: Catholic

Q: What country no longer celebrates Carnival?
A: the Philippines

Q: The Manila Carnival was dissolved after what year?
A: 1939

Q: What is the Carnival known as in countries which are mostly Lutheran?
A: Fastelavn

Q: A carnival feast is the last time to do what before winter?
A: eat well

Q: Why was the carnival feast typically the last opportunity to eat well?
A: food shortage at the end of the winter

Q: How was the ship carrying a predominant deity moved around during the jubilee?
A: on wheels

Q: Who is the Carnival open to?
A: public

Q: What do participants of the Carnival experience a heightened sense of?
A: social unity

Q: When is the car used in the ritual purified?
A: Afterwards

Q: Carnival was also a result of what area's folk culture?
A: European

Q: Many Carnival traditions form an integral part of whose calendar?
A: Christian

Q: What two ancient Roman festivals is Carnival thought to stem from?
A: Saturnalia and Bacchanalia

Q: What is insufficient to establish a direct origin from ancient festivals to Carnival?
A: evidence

Q: How do both Jesus and King Carnival make a gift to the people?
A: with their deaths

Q: What is the gift of King Carnival?
A: acknowledgement that death is a necessary part of the cycle of life

Q: What city's carnival was the most famous for a long time?
A: Venice

Q: What was the first place in North America with a Carnival tradition?
A: New France

Q: What nationality were the settlers from who introduced Carnival?
A: Portuguese

Q: How many of the inhabited islands is Carnival celebrated on?
A: nine

Q: Over how many days is São Nicolau's Carnival celebrated?
A: three

Q: What is the only state in India in which Carnival is celebrated?
A: Goa

Q: The largest Carnival celebration takes place in which city?
A: Panjim

Q: Whose Carnival is known local as Cwarmê?
A: Malmedy

Q: Despite being located in East Belgium, Malmedy's Carnival harks purely to what area?
A: Latin

Q: What Carnival takes place on Laetare Sunday?
A: the Carnival de la Laetare

Q: Many towns in what region of Croatia observe the Carnival period?
A: Kvarner

Q: What does every Kvarner town burn just before the end of the Carnival?
A: a man-like doll

Q: What is the traditional Carnival food?
A: fritule

Q: How long has Carnival been celebrated?
A: centuries

Q: Under whose rule was Carnival established in the 16th century?
A: Venetian

Q: In what century did the Carnival become an organized event?
A: twentieth

Q: What city almost exclusively celebrates the Carnival?
A: Limassol

Q: How many parades take place during Carnival?
A: Three

Q: Who rides through the city on a carriage?
A: the "Carnival King

Q: Which Carnival is held in Germany's west?
A: The "Rheinische"

Q: Cologne Carnival is one of the largest Carnivals and also is the most what?
A: famous

Q: What is the Greece Carnival also called?
A: the Apokriés

Q: In what provinces is the Carnival mainly celebrated in the Netherlands?
A: southern

Q: Dutch Carnaval is celebrated until which Wednesday?
A: Ash

Q: What vary from town to town in regards to the Carnival?
A: traditions

Q: How long has the Strumica Carnival been going on?
A: since at least 1670

Q: What day is the main Carnival Night observed on?
A: Tuesday

Q: What year was the Festival of Caricatures and Aphorisms added to Strumica's Carnival celebrations?
A: 2000

Q: Which group rides around in open carts through the streets?
A: The Choirs

Q: What city's carnival has documented history from 1790?
A: Vilanova i la Geltrú

Q: What do the Vilanovins mock the media friendly Carnivals as being about?
A: "thighs and feathers"

Q: What do dancers lampoon in the ritual heralding the coming of King Carnival?
A: current events or public figures

Q: Who carries floral arrangements of penis-like veggies?
A: cross-dressing men

Q: What are the clothing of the Carnival groups full of?
A: elegance

Q: What continues in various districts throughout the month of the Carnival?
A: Street parades

Q: What is the Carnival known as in Barbados?
A: Crop Over

Q: What's the name of the vehicle where the musicians play?
A: a Carrosa

Q: What is the goal of the Carnival painters?
A: to paint as many people as you can

Q: What year did the Carnival start in Haiti?
A: 1804

Q: What event precipitated the Carnival starting in Haiti?
A: declaration of independence

Q: What is the Carnival known as in the Creole language?
A: Kanaval

Q: About how many cities and towns in Mexico is Carnival celebrated in?
A: 225

Q: Which borough of New York City is Carnival celebrated in?
A: Brooklyn

Q: What American holiday is Carnival celebrated on?
A: Labor Day

Q: What country has one of the largest Caribbean Carnivals?
A: Trinidad

Q: Over how many people typically attend New York's version of the Carnival?
A: one million

Q: Which Carnival in Argentina is the most representative of the nature of the Carnival?
A: Murga

Q: What city in the east of Entre Rios province is considered the most important one for the Carnival?
A: Gualeguaychú

Q: Where is Carnival celebrated?
A: In all major cities and many towns throughout the country

Q: Which Carnival takes place in Oruro in Bolivia?
A: La Diablada

Q: How much money in US dollars did the Carnival industry make in 2012?
A: 1 billion

Q: Where did the Carnival gestate out of the purview of rules?
A: in small/unimportant towns

Q: The uninterrupted celebration of Carnival festivals in Barranquilla is now recognized as what?
A: one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity

Q: Who rejected attempts to introduce the Carnival in Bogotá?
A: the government

Q: Where are the most famed Carnival festivities?
A: Guaranda (Bolivar province) and Ambato (Tungurahua province

Q: What music is the Carnival celebrated with in the Chota Valley?
A: bomba del chota

Q: What does the Peruvian Carnival incorporate elements of?
A: violence

Q: What is an element of Peruvian's Carnival not found in any other country's celebrations?
A: sexual assaults on women

Q: How many days does the Carnival in Uruguay last for?
A: more than 40

Q: What are the main attractions of the Uruguayan Carnival?
A: two colorful parades

Q: What do the different Carnival groups perform together?
A: opera

Q: Organochlorine hydrocarbons effect what balance of the nerve fiber?
A: sodium/potassium

Q: Why was the use of organochlorine hydrocarbons ended?
A: because of their persistence and potential to bioaccumulate

Q: Organophospates and carbamates cause which symptoms?
A: weakness or paralysis

Q: What careers put people in danger of being exposed to pesticide poisining?
A: groomers, groundskeepers, and fumigators

Q: What is it called when pesticides are caught in the wind and carried to unintended areas?
A: Pesticide drift

Q: Why are hydrocarbon pesticides not excreted?
A: dissolve in fats

Q: What is the Tauton stop line
A: The Taunton Stop Line was set up to repel a potential German invasion

Q: Tauton Bridgewater and Yeovil has what concentration of the population
A: Over 25% of Somerset's population is concentrated in Taunton, Bridgwater and Yeovil

Q: The annual Carnival is held when and where
A: The annual circuit of West Country Carnivals is held in a variety of Somerset towns during the autumn

Q: What grade did Yale get on their Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2008?
A: B+

Q: Name some automobile manufacturers in the city of Ann Arbor
A: General Motors and Visteon

Q: Which automobile magazines are based from Ann Arbor?
A: Car and Driver magazine and Automobile Magazine

Q: What year's were Cezannes painting's displayed at Salon d'Automne? Not including the retrospectives.
A: 1905 and 1906

Q: In what year did the New York Times review the Salon d'Automne?
A: October 8, 1911

Q: List the artists who were featured in the Salon d'Automne?
A: André Lhote, Marcel Duchamp, Jacques Villon, Roger de La Fresnaye, André Dunoyer de Segonzac and František Kupka

Q: Towards which social topic did the Cubists  at the Salon d'Automne creat contrevesy towards?
A: the use of government owned buildings,

Q: What were Kupka's two entries at the Salon d'Automne?
A: Amorpha-Fugue à deux couleurs and Amorpha chromatique chaude

Q: What is something on a car that sometimes is made of alloy?
A: automobile wheels

Q: By reducing carbon in liquid pig iron, what was created?
A: steel

Q: What automatic right do Australian citizens and residents have on Norfolk Island after meeting the criteria in Immigration (Amendment No. 2) Act 2012?
A: automatic right of residence

Q: When was 'Thoughts and Details on Scarcity' published?
A: 1800

Q: What type of natural ability helped Montini in his career in the Roman Curia?
A: organisational skills

Q: Who was Montini's mentor that eventually became a Cardinal?
A: Giuseppe Pizzardo

Q: Where did the Pope ask Cardinal Montini to live?
A: Vatican

Q: When did Montini finally become a cardinal?
A: 15 December 1958

Q: What doicese did Montini become cardinal of?
A: Ss. Silvestro e Martino

Q: What country did Montini visit as Cardinal?
A: Africa

Q: In what year did Montini travel to visit Africa as a cardinal?
A: 1962

Q: How many foreign trips did Montini make as Cardinal?
A: fifteen

Q: Where did Montini like to use as a retreat as a cardinal?
A: Engelberg Abbey

Q: What role was Montini not perceived to fill unlike some of his fellow cardinals?
A: reformer

Q: Which cardinal became heavily engaged in the passage of Nostra aetate?
A: Cardinal Augustin Bea

Q: At what age were cardinals restricted by Paul Vi from participating in conclaves?
A: eighty

Q: At what age were cardinals subsequently required to retire in an edict issued in 1970?
A: 75

Q: What country did Cardinal archbishop Anlbal Munoz Duque represent?
A: Colombia

Q: What did the Cardinal Augustin Bea's Secretariat promote?
A: Christian Unity

Q: How many future popes did Paul VI create first as cardinals?
A: three

Q: Who was made a cardinal by Paul VI on June 27 1977?
A: Joseph Ratzinger

Q: What future pope was made a cardinal by Paul VI on June 26, 1967?
A: Karol Wojtyła

Q: How many cardinals were from Africa in 1976?
A: five

Q: What country did Cardinal Eduardo Francisco Pironi represent?
A: Argentina

Q: What country did Cardinal Araujo Sales represent?
A: Brazil

Q: What group's committees did Paul VI declare both bishops and cardinals could participate in?
A: Roman Curia

Q: Who did Sprague work for early in his career?
A: Thomas Edison

Q: How many passengers does the most dense rail network in Europe carry annualy?
A: over 350 million

Q: How much does the Swiss autoroute network charge for a toll sticker to use Swiss roadways for a year?
A: 40 Swiss francs

Q: What is the name of the flag airline carrier in Switzerland?
A: Swiss International Air Lines

Q: What do new high tech healthcare technologies translate to?
A: high costs of the services provided

Q: Which successful World Touring Car Championship driver was produced in Switzerland despite the ban on motorsport events?
A: Alain Menu

Q: What is a national charite that helps to bring food and health care to low income families?
A: United Way

Q: What was North Carolina State called before?
A: The North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts,

Q: What year was the North Carolina Symphony founded?
A: 1932

Q: What event plaza is in Cary?
A: Koka Booth Amphitheatre

Q: Where is the North Carolina State Fair?
A: Dorton Arena

Q: What theaters are at North Carolina State University?
A: Stewart and Thompson Theaters

Q: What is the North Carolina Museum of Art near?
A: North Carolina State Fairgrounds

Q: When did the Carolina Hurricanes start in Raleigh?
A: 1997

Q: What is the home stadium of the Carolina Hurricanes called?
A: PNC Arena

Q: What is the only professional sports team in North Carolina?
A: National Hockey League's Carolina Hurricanes

Q: When did the Carolina Hurricanes win the Stanley Cup?
A: 2006

Q: What type of team was the Carolina Courage?
A: Women's United Soccer

Q: What year did the Carolina Courage win the Founders Cup?
A: 2002

Q: Where is North Carolina State University?
A: southwest Raleigh

Q: What is the mascot for North Carolina State University?
A: Wolfpack

Q: Where does the football team for North Carolina State University play?
A: Carter-Finley Stadium

Q: How big is Carter Finley Stadium?
A: third largest football stadium in North Carolina

Q: Where does North Carolina State University men's wrestling compete?
A: Reynolds Coliseum

Q: How many incidents of motor vehicle theft were there in 2010?
A: 870

Q: What can be synthesized using carbohydrates and proteins?
A: body fat

Q: What did Carl von Voit and Max Rubner apply to nutrition in order to receive their results?
A: principles of physics

Q: Which category is represented by carbohydrates and fats among other nutrients?
A: macronutrients

Q: Other than fats, what else consists of atoms of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen?
A: carbohydrates

Q: If a carbohydrate is not a simple monosaccharide, what else could it be?
A: complex polysaccharides

Q: What is an example of a simple carbohydrate?
A: fructose

Q: When simple carbohydrates undergo metabolic pathways, what do they result in after partial catabolism?
A: glucose

Q: What example of a carbohydrate is unable to be fully absorbed in humans?
A: Dietary fiber

Q: Which element is present that is bonded to all of the carbons in a saturated fat?
A: hydrogen

Q: Other than nitrogen, what other element varies greatly between a carnivore and herbivore diet?
A: carbon

Q: Other than sugar and fiber, what else are carbohydrates consisted of?
A: starch

Q: What is the process that plants undergo in order to obtain carbohydrates?
A: photosynthesis

Q: What part of the leaf in a plant takes in carbon dioxide and releases oxygen?
A: stomata

Q: Pasteurisation and autoclavation are examples of what kind of technique?
A: heating

Q: Who was Cardigan under fire from when advancing on the Valley of Balaclava?
A: Russian batteries

Q: How many people did Cardigan lose during the Light Brigade?
A: 278

Q: What was the HMS Prince carrying when it sunk?
A: a cargo of winter clothing

Q: We can learn what by carefully examining our literature?
A: our history

Q: Where were the symbols carved on?
A: pieces of bone and turtle shell

Q: Who work in the style of carving a traditional seal in the script?
A: calligraphers

Q: What event occured that automatically ranked Bermuda as the oldest remaining British Overseas Territory?
A: Newfoundland became part of Canada

Q: Travel from South Carolina to Bermuda would be in which direction?
A: due east

Q: Why did Bermuda join CARICOM?
A: primarily to strengthen cultural links.

Q: Who has "observer status" to CARICOM?
A: US Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

Q: Who won the 2011 Caribbean championships?
A: The Bermuda Rugby Union team

Q: What is Nigeria's local vehicle manufacturer?
A: Innoson Motors

Q: Nigeria is adding what kind of costs to its healthcare system?
A: user fees

Q: When did Nigeria start reorganizing its healthcare system?
A: 1987

Q: What career path was decided upon for Von Neuman?
A: chemical engineer

Q: What was the Monte Carlo method?
A: allowed solutions to complicated problems to be approximated using random numbers

Q: Edward Carr believes that in a war between Germany and the Soviet Union, who else would have been participating?
A: the Western Powers would already be involved

Q: The pact according to Edward Carr’s view was to provide what between Germany and the Soviet Union?
A: a line of defense against

Q: When were low voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes invented?
A: In 1957

Q: Who invented low voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes?
A: H. Becker

Q: In what component of electrolytic capacitors did Becker believe was similar to the porous carbon electrodes?
A: the pores of the etched foils

Q: What sort of capacitors are used to carry a varying signal from the conductive plate of one tube to the grid circuit of the next stage?
A: interstage coupling capacitors

Q: What is one value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for car audio purposes?
A: the inductance

Q: What is another value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for car audio purposes?
A: resistance

Q: What are the cardinal numbers one through four in Czech allowed to take?
A: any case

Q: What is Czech's handling of cardinal numbers typical of?
A: a Slavic language

Q: Who was the designer of the Digimon card game?
A: Kenji Watanabe

Q: What name was listed on Comcast customer Ricardo Brown's invoice in January, 2015?
A: "Asshole Brown"

Q: How much of the entire population of the planet is estimated to be carrying tuberculosis?
A: One-third

Q: What's the three-word name for the method where a health care worker watches their patient take their medication?
A: Directly observed therapy

Q: About how many people died in 2010 carrying both HIV and TB?
A: 0.35 million

Q: What population segment in China struggles to get follow-up care for TB infection?
A: rural migrants

Q: Is there anyone automatically eligible?
A: . All clubs in the top four levels (the Premier League and the three divisions of the Football League) are automatically eligible

Q: What would the use of a new carriageway do in Alsace?
A: reduce the buildup of traffic in that area

Q: The new line is (carriageway) would link which other intersections?
A: Hœrdt to the north of Strasbourg, with Innenheim in the southwest

Q: Soul competency (liberty), salvation through faith alone, Scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice, and the autonomy of the local congregation what examples of what?
A: tenets of Baptist churches

Q: Early 20th century states began to have a responsiblity to take care of whom?
A: poor

Q: Caribean and where else is there a low population of child workers?
A: Latin America

Q: What do drug cartels do with child workers?
A: sell and carry drugs, guns, and other illegal substances

Q: What are the risks of child labour in drug cartels?
A: physical and psychological implications

Q: Has these dangers caused and increase or decrease in child labour with drug cartels?
A: an increase

Q: How many main geographical sections make up North Carolina?
A: three

Q: What section of North carolina makes up 45% of the state?
A: Atlantic Coastal Plain

Q: What is the section in the middle 35% of North Carolina called?
A: the Piedmont region

Q: The extreme eastern section of North Carolina is called what?
A: Outer Banks

Q: Pilot Mountain and South Mountains are located in what region of North Carolina?
A: Piedmont

Q: What section of Central North Carolina has the most dense population?
A: The Piedmont region

Q: The weatern part of North Carolina is part of what mountain range?
A: Appalachian Mountain range

Q: What ocean influinces the climate of North Carolinas coastal plain?
A: Atlantic

Q: What is the climate of North Carolinas coastal plain in the summer?
A: moderate, although humid

Q: What is the average high North Carolina coastal temperature on the plains in the summer?
A: 89 °F

Q: What region of North Carolina has hotter summers and colder winters than the coast?
A: Piedmont

Q: What mountain range makes up the coolest part of North Carolina?
A: The Appalachian Mountains

Q: Hoe often do hurricanes hit North Carolina?
A: once a decade

Q: Floyd, Fran, and Hazel are examples of what that hit the state of North Carolina?
A: hurricanes

Q: What was the strongest storm to make landfall in North Carolina?
A: Hurricane Hazel

Q: What year did Hurrican Hazel hit North Carolina?
A: 1954

Q: How many tornadoes does North Carolina have per year?
A: fewer than 20

Q: What weather phenomenom can weaken storms but cause major ice events in NW North Carolina?
A: cold air damming

Q: Where did the Algonquin speaking tribes of North Carolina live?
A: the coastal areas

Q: Where in North Carolina did Blackbeards ship crash?
A: Beaufort Inlet

Q: What year did Blackbeard run his ship aground in North Carolina?
A: 1718

Q: North carolina and Sounth Carolina together were known as what?
A: the Province of Carolina

Q: What year were the northern and southern carolinas seperated?
A: 1729

Q: What was the profession of most of the settlers in the Province of Carolina?
A: small farmers

Q: What people were a menace to the coastal areas of the Province of carolina?
A: Pirates

Q: What was the state capital of North Carolina in 1722?
A: Edenton

Q: What city became the capital of North Carolina in 1766?
A: New Bern

Q: Who was the governor of North carolina in 1767?
A: William Tryon

Q: What central North carolina cuty was chosen for the capital in 1788?
A: Raleigh

Q: Frontiersmen from the Carolinas moved west into what area that is now known as Tennessee?
A: Washington District

Q: After what year did cotton and tobacco become important crops in North Carolina?
A: After 1800

Q: The Tidewater region was in what half of North Carolina?
A: eastern

Q: What region of North Carolina used slave labor and developed a slave society?
A: the Tidewater region

Q: What was the economy of North Carolina based on after the confederacy?
A: tobacco, cotton and agriculture

Q: When did a major industrial base appear in North Carolina?
A: late 19th century

Q: Where did the major industrial base appear in North Carolina?
A: western counties of the Piedmont

Q: What was the emergence of the industrial base of North carolina based on?
A: cotton mills

Q: What programs created by FDR helped North Carolina during the Great Depression?
A: New Deal programs

Q: What inhibited North Carolina for thousands of years?
A: prehistoric indigenous cultures

Q: Who is the North Carolina state capital named for?
A: Sir Walter Raleigh

Q: Who granted the charter for Sir Walter Raleigh to travel to present day North Carolina?
A: Elizabeth I

Q: What year did Elizabeth I grant the charter to Raleigh to travel to North Carolina?
A: 1584

Q: How many colonies did Raleigh establish on the coast of carolina in 1580?
A: two

Q: Carolina was named after King Charles iI's father, what was his name?
A: Charles I

Q: What year was a second charter made to establish the borders of Carolina?
A: 1665

Q: After the Spanish, who were the first Europeans to settle North Carolina?
A: English colonists

Q: Where did the English colonists that settle North carolina come from?
A: Virginia

Q: Who was one of the first Virginian migrants to reach the carolinas?
A: Nathaniel Batts

Q: What year did Nathaniel Battes settle in North Carolina?
A: 1655

Q: Eastern North Carolina is also known as what?
A: Low Country

Q: Western North carolina is also known as what?
A: uplands

Q: What year did North Carolina instruct its delegates to vote for independence?
A: 1776

Q: Who was north carolina seeking independence from in 1776?
A: the British Crown

Q: How many North Carolina mountain men fought at King's Mountain?
A: 1000

Q: North Carolina was the twelth state to ratify what document?
A: the Constitution

Q: What date did North Carolina ratify the constitution?
A: November 21, 1789

Q: What year was the state capitol building of North Carolina completed?
A: 1840

Q: What direction did the North carolina railroad extend?
A: west

Q: In 1860, what percent of the North Carolina population were slaves?
A: 33

Q: Where were most of the slaves in North Carolina located?
A: eastern Tidewater

Q: Where were the free people of color located in north carolina in 1860?
A: eastern coastal plain

Q: What fraction of the population of North Carolina was enslaved in 1860?
A: one-third

Q: North Carolina did not vote to join the confederacy until they were ordered to invade what state?
A: South Carolina

Q: When was North Carolinas official secession?
A: May 20

Q: Some North Carolinians still refused to support what after secession?
A: the Confederacy

Q: How many North Carolinians from the west fought for the union Army?
A: 2,000

Q: When did union forces occupy coastal areas of North carolina?
A: 1862 and 1863

Q: How many battles of the army of Northern Virginia did confederate troops from north Carolina fight in?
A: virtually all

Q: What was the name of the largest battle fought in North Carolina?
A: Bentonville

Q: What is the religious name given to the part of the country that includes the Carolinas?
A: Bible Belt

Q: What was the largest denomination in North Carolina in 2010?
A: Southern Baptist

Q: What was the second largest denomination in North carolina in 2010?
A: United Methodist Church

Q: What was the third largest denomination in North carolina in 2010?
A: Roman Catholic

Q: Immigrants from latin America coming to North Carolina is increasing what?
A: ethnic and religious diversity

Q: What has happened to the number of Roman Catholics and Jews in North Carolina?
A: increased

Q: Religious diversity in North Carolina has generally what?
A: increased

Q: What is the second largest Protestant denomination in North Carolina?
A: Methodism

Q: What is the Nickname given to North Carolina?
A: Old North State

Q: What is raleigh-Cary ranked among the 51 largest metro areas in the country?
A: 5

Q: What was North Carolinas gross state product in 2010?
A: $424.9 billion

Q: What was North Carolinas state debt in 2012?
A: $2.4bn

Q: North carolina voters have leaned republican since what year?
A: 1976

Q: What year did North Carolina voters once again vote for a Democrat?
A: 2008

Q: What year did Bill Clinton win North Carolina?
A: 1992

Q: What year did Bill Clinton lose North Carolina?
A: 1996

Q: Who was elected Governor of North Carolina in 2012?
A: Pat McCrory

Q: Who ws elected Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina in 2012?
A: Dan Forest

Q: Who won North Carolinas 7th congressional district seat in 2014?
A: David Rouzer

Q: What agency oversees public schools in North Carolina?
A: North Carolina Department of Public Instruction

Q: How many public school systems does North Carolina have?
A: 115

Q: What is the largest school system in North Carolina?
A: Wake County Public School System

Q: What is the largest University in North Carolina?
A: North Carolina State University

Q: How many students does North Carolina State University enroll?
A: 34,000

Q: Duke University and Shaw University are examples of what type of colleges that are in North Carolina?
A: private

Q: What is the name of the only Catholic college in the Carolinas?
A: Belmont Abbey College

Q: What is the name of the only Lutheran University in North Carolina?
A: Lenoir-Rhyne University

Q: How many major league sports franchises make North carolina home?
A: three

Q: What is the only professional team from North carolina to have won a league championship?
A: The Hurricanes

Q: The Carolina Hurricanes belong to what league?
A: National Hockey League

Q: The Caroli8na panthers belong to what league?
A: National Football League

Q: What Speedway in North Carolina hosts two Sprint cupseries races each year?
A: Charlotte Motor Speedway

Q: What North Carolina city hosts the NASCAR Hall of Fame?
A: Charlotte

Q: What North carolina city is home to several top racing teams?
A: Concord

Q: How many colleges compete at the Division 1 level in North Carolina?
A: 18

Q: How many times has North Carolina hosted the NCAA final four?
A: two

Q: What North Carolina City is consistently voted one of the top places to live in the United States?
A: Asheville

Q: What league do the Carolina Hurricanes belong to?
A: NHL

Q: What is the center of North Carolina called?
A: The Piedmont Triad

Q: What city is the North Carolina Zoo in?
A: Asheboro

Q: How many miles of shaded pathways does the Nort Carolina Zoo have?
A: five

Q: What North Carolina City hosts the Merlefest?
A: Wilkesboro

Q: Fishing, hunting, and birdwatching are what kind of activities that are provided in North Carolina?
A: recreational

Q: In the Fall, people go to North Carolina to see what?
A: fall colors

Q: Howmany state parks are in North Carolina?
A: 34

Q: How many national parks are in North Carolina?
A: 14

Q: What industry generates 1.2 billion in economic activity each year for North carolina?
A: nonprofit arts and culture

Q: How much money does the North Carolina Museum of art generate?
A: millions

Q: What is the largest mall in the carolinas?
A: SouthPark Mall

Q: What is a culinary staple of North Carolina?
A: pork barbecue

Q: What cut of pork do those in western North carolina prefer for BBQ?
A: Boston butt

Q: What is another name for Western North Carolina Barbecue?
A: Lexington barbecue

Q: What cut of pork do those in Western North Carolina prefer for BBQ?
A: pork shoulder

Q: What international prize winning winery is located in North Carolina?
A: Noni Bacca Winery

Q: What prized cheeses are made in North Carolina?
A: Ashe County

Q: North carolina state law allowed a jump in alcohol volume from 6% to what percent?
A: 15%.

Q: What TV channel carried the broadcast of the coup?
A: CNN

Q: By cardinal direction, what part of the city is referred to as Downtown?
A: eastern

Q: What northern Miami neighborhood is named for a Caribbean country?
A: Little Haiti

Q: Along with Celebrity, Carnival, Norwegian, Oceania and Royal Caribbean, what cruise line is based in Miami?
A: Seabourn

Q: Along with the Caribbean, from where does a significant amount of cargo enter MIA?
A: South America

Q: Where do NASCAR races in Miami take place?
A: Homestead-Miami Speedway

Q: Along with "Cargo Gateway of the Americas," what is another nickname for PortMiami?
A: "Cruise Capital of the World"

Q: How many tons of cargo arrived in PortMiami in 2007?
A: 7.8 million

Q: What North American port sees the largest amount of imported and exported cargo?
A: Port of South Louisiana

Q: What was the original intent of the phonautograph?
A: visual analysis

Q: In what years where phonautograms converted to audible sound?
A: 2000s

Q: By whom was the phonautograms patented?
A: Léon Scott

Q: In what year was phonautograms patented?
A: 1857

Q: How did the phonograph differ from the phonautograph?
A: capable of both recording and reproducing sound

Q: What record format was created for use in Chrysler automobiles?
A: Highway Hi-Fi 16 2⁄3 rpm record

Q: What do most automatic turn tables do when they meet a lock groove?
A: lift the arm

Q: Are longer recordings, as found in operas, made for use with auto-changing systems?
A: interleaved across several 10-inch or 12-inch discs for use with auto-changing mechanisms

Q: Do records touch when in auto changers?
A: Auto-changers included a mechanism to support a stack

Q: What was a benefit of the use of magnetic pickup cartridge?
A: high quality cuts

Q: What retrospective of the Oscars is shown yearly on TCM?
A: 31 Days of Oscar

Q: Along with Cary Grant, who is a notable actor whose career a viewer might follow on TCM?
A: Humphrey Bogart

Q: When does 31 Days of Oscar occur?
A: month preceding the Academy Awards

Q: What Canadian cable provider first carried Turner Classic Movies?
A: Shaw Cable

Q: What car manufacturer hired Petra Haden to perform a capella songs in commercials for their car?
A: Toyota

Q: When was the University of Fribourg put into the Dominican Order's care?
A: 1890

Q: What did the English Order not care about?
A: the stigmata

Q: Oppidan residences were generally cared after by women known as what?
A: "dames"

Q: When a student has work Sent Up For Good, who signs the card that they receive?
A: House Master, tutor and division master

Q: Who takes care of roads and sanitation in Cork?
A: local government

Q: Which car company closed the doors on it's Cork operations in 1984?
A: Ford Motor Company

Q: When was the Cork South Link dual carriageway built?
A: 1980s

Q: What was the purpose of the dual carriageway?
A: to link the Kinsale Road roundabout with the city centre

Q: Which year was the current Statute of Autonomy enacted?
A: 1981

Q: Along with Galicia's, which other two province's autonomy was annulled?
A: Catalonia and the Basque provinces

Q: Which former minister under Franco's rule headed the autonomous government  from 1990 to 2005?
A: Manuel Fraga

Q: The Autopista AP-53 was originally built by whom?
A: Xunta de Galicia

Q: Which Spanish city does the Autovía A-6 lead to?
A: Madrid

Q: The Autovía A-8 enters Galicia on which coast?
A: Cantabrian

Q: Which green food coloring is known to cause hyperactivity, asthma, urticaria, and insomnia?
A: Green S (E142)

Q: What is a protein that carries copper ions in chelation?
A: ceruloplasmin

Q: Why is the ability to boot write-locked SD cards with a USB adapter advantageous for?
A: maintaining the integrity and non-corruptible, pristine state of the booting medium.

Q: Who was the labor leader of the Autoworkers?
A: Walter Reuther

Q: What care company promoted black workers to work alongside white workers?
A: Packard

Q: In which year was the last electric streetcar line removed?
A: 1956

Q: How many seconds did a streetcar run along Woodward Ave in 1941?
A: 60

Q: What made car travel much easier?
A: highways

Q: What hurt the Auto industry?
A: gasoline crises

Q: Which coast did the Carthaginians explore for trade?
A: the Atlantic coast

Q: Where is the Tibet Autonomous Region?
A: western and central Tibet

Q: What can happen to players who get red or yellow cards in friendlies?
A: suspended from future international matches

Q: How many exhibition events per year does the NASCAR Sprint Cup have?
A: two

Q: What autonomists were pro French?
A: Alsatian

Q: Which port in Oklahoma handles international cargo?
A: Tulsa Port of Catoosa

Q: How many tons of cargo does the Tulsa Port of Catoosa ship annually?
A: over two million

Q: What whole region did the East India company get control over after the Carnatic Wars?
A: Carnatic

Q: How was the assassination supposed to have been carried out?
A: shoot down Nasser's plane

Q: What type of health care program was put forth in the National Charter?
A: universal

Q: Pope John XXIII surprised those who expected him to be a caretaker pope by calling what?
A: Second Vatican Council

Q: Who was the Cardinal Secretary of State in 1925?
A: Pietro Gasparri

Q: New pontiffs are chosen from Cardinals who head what?
A: archdioceses or departments of the Roman Curia

Q: Who did Cardinal Giovanni Battista Montini later become?
A: Pope Paul VI

Q: Is Photo Gallery automatically or separately installed?
A: separately

Q: When were users able to discard the disc and access Netflix directly through their PS3s?
A: October 2010

Q: What hardware component did CNET have the biggest problem with, even comparing it to an old credit card reader?
A: disc-loader

Q: What was King Juan Carlos' response to the media when asked if he would sign a bill supporting same-sex marriage?
A: "Soy el Rey de España y no el de Bélgica"

Q: What permits elements with different mathematical starting points to be taken care of in a flexible manner while holding their key basic aspects?
A: abstract formalization of the group axioms

Q: What similar element do isomorphic groups carry?
A: isomorphic groups

Q: What did Henri Poincaré introduce when he established algebraic topology?
A: the fundamental group

Q: What country borders CAR in the North?
A: Chad

Q: What Country borders CAR in the South?
A: the Republic of the Congo

Q: What Country borders CAR in the West?
A: Cameroon

Q: What is the population of CAR approximately?
A: 4.7 million

Q: Who established CAR's borders?
A: France

Q: What country ruled CAR as a colony?
A: France

Q: When did CAR become independent?
A: in 1960

Q: What religion is a minority in CAR?
A: Muslim minority

Q: What was an imported food that provided most of the carbohydrates?
A: Bananas

Q: When did the slave trade hit the CAR region?
A: 16th and 17th centuries

Q: What religion was spread through CAR?
A: Christianity

Q: During what war did French officers setup headquarters in CAR?
A: Second World War

Q: What large country pressured CAR to hold elections?
A: the United States

Q: When was the new constitution for CAR approved?
A: 28 December 1994

Q: When did CAR ask for assistance from the French against rebels?
A: November 2006

Q: What religious groups operate in CAR?
A: missionary groups

Q: What African country bordering CAR are some of these missionaries from?
A: Democratic Republic of the Congo

Q: When did fighting break out in CAR?
A: 2002–3

Q: Who headed the UN effort to rebuild CAR?
A: Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon

Q: When did CAR request assistance directly to prevent war?
A: 12 June 2008

Q: Who assisted CAR in avoiding war?
A: UN Peacebuilding Commission

Q: When was the new Government seated in CAR?
A: 31 March 2013

Q: What is the per capita income in CAR?
A: $400 a year

Q: What gemstone comes from the CAR?
A: diamonds

Q: Which item that poachers kill elephants for can be obtained in CAR?
A: ivory

Q: What type of agriculture is popular in the CAR?
A: food crops

Q: What is the major telecommunications provider in CAR?
A: Socatel

Q: Who assists CAR with telecommunications?
A: ITU Telecommunication Development Sector

Q: What does the CAR get help with with regards to communication from ITU-D?
A: improve infrastructure

Q: How are the human rights in the CAR?
A: poor

Q: How is the prison quality in the CAR?
A: harsh and life-threatening conditions

Q: Did all AV receivers carry the demodulator circuits necessary for LaserDiscs, or only high-end models?
A: higher-end

Q: How long has the thought of the existence of God been carried on?
A: trans-generational

Q: What year did the Oeselian pirates carry out a famous raid?
A: 1187

Q: What year was the Estonian Cultural Autonomy law established?
A: 1925

Q: How many minorities were granted cultural autonomies?
A: more than 3,000 people

Q: Which indigenous group is controversially known for hunting caribou on protected land?
A: The Gwich'in people of the northern Interior region

Q: How much of the subsidized bulk mail delivery program goes to carriers who offer passenger service?
A: 70%

Q: What type of vehicles do Troopers operate?
A: a wide variety of land, air, and water patrol vehicles

Q: When was a new sytle of carved top and back construction mandolins created?
A: end of the 19th century

Q: What insect is known to consume carrion?
A: blow-flies

Q: In addition to Carboniferous, what other insect order is inclusive of extant groups, stem groups and Paleozoic groups?
A: Early Permian

Q: Where is an insects dry pellet discarded through?
A: the anus

Q: Which system inside an insect's respiratory system does not carry oxygen?
A: circulatory system

Q: Carbon dioxide is released continuously in what kind of gas exchange?
A: continuous gas exchange

Q: What gas exchanges does carbon dioxide release when the insect is resting?
A: discontinuous gas exchange

Q: What is a message-carrying chemical called?
A: semiochemical

Q: What were Brazillian children never automatically identified with the type of?
A: racial

Q: Brazil's population is believed to have between what percentages of autosomal European ancestry?
A: 65 and 80%

Q: Who is the author of "The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness"?
A: Michelle Alexander

Q: What type of caste system is mass incarceration compared to?
A: racial

Q: Who carried out bombings throughout Paris between 1961 and 1962?
A: Organisation de l'armée secrète

Q: What did Valery Giscard d'Estaing have erected?
A: Musée d'Orsay

Q: How many vehicles are in the fleet?
A: 6,000

Q: The closing of what plant in 20147 caused a major loss to the automobile industry?
A: Aulnay-sous-Bois Citroen

Q: Who wrote Carmen?
A: Georges Bizet's

Q: Who provides emergency care in the city of Paris?
A: Assistance publique - Hôpitaux de Paris

Q: What is the name of France's national postal carrier?
A: La Poste

Q: Who did scholars beieve carried on the rituals in a consistent procedure?
A: Pythia

Q: The statues of who were thought to incarnate his living presence?
A: Apollo

Q: Which troubled candidate did Carol Moseley Braun end up endorsing, after she dropped out?
A: Howard Dean

Q: Which candidate went on to win the South Carolina primary?
A: John Edwards

Q: Who did samurai wives have to take care of?
A: elderly parents or in-laws that may be living under her roof

Q: What type of glass is used in cars?
A: laminated

Q: Name one company that sells flexible-fuel cars?
A: GM

Q: Who has the authority to carry out a number of functions that havae implications for the feasiblity of renewable energy projects?
A: Energy regulators

Q: What made a strong economic case for investing in low carbon technologies?
A: Stern Review

Q: What negative qualities does Palermo carry?
A: high unemployment levels, high corruption and a significant black market empire

Q: How many passengers do Palermo's ferries carry each year?
A: 2 million

Q: Why is zinc carbonate poorly absorbed in the body?
A: nearly insoluble

Q: CBC was eclusive carrier of what other sport during the 2004-2005 season?
A: Curling

Q: Who became the new exclusive carrier of curling broadcasts during the 2008-2009 season?
A: TSN

Q: Which broadcast do affiliates generally carry?
A: 10 p.m

Q: What is often said to be stored by cells in the structures of molecules of substances such as carbohydrates, lipids and proteins?
A: Energy

Q: Where are food molecules oxidised to carbon dioxide and water?
A: mitochondria

Q: Where did carpet weaving in the Empire originate?
A: the nomadic cultures of central Asia

Q: Where did carpet weaving initially spread to inside of the Empire?
A: Anatolia

Q: Where did Carl Menger and Friedrich von Wieser influence Hayek?
A: University of Vienna

Q: According to Wapshott, who was promoting the implementation of universal health care?
A: Hayek

Q: Carl Menger's work in social explanation was not too different from those in which Scottish period??
A: Scottish Enlightenment

Q: Who carried out the first strike in North America?
A: immigrants

Q: What percent don't own cars?
A: 32

Q: What percent own 2 or more cars?
A: 23

Q: When did Kerry visit Nicaragua?
A: April 18, 1985

Q: Who did Kerry visit Nicaragua with?
A: Senator Tom Harkin

Q: Who did Kerry visit in Nicaragua?
A: Daniel Ortega

Q: What was Kerry's actual career voting rank for 'liberalness'?
A: 11th most liberal

Q: What was Kerry's paternal grandmother's career?
A: musician

Q: What was Kerry's paternal grandfather's career?
A: shoe businessman

Q: Along with scarce green vegetables, what had an impact on Rajasthani cooking?
A: scarcity of water

Q: Who runs Guam's main health care facility?
A: The Government of Guam

Q: What is the name of the main health care facility in Guam?
A: Guam Memorial Hospital

Q: What was Aetius's career?
A: doxographer

Q: What type of philosopher was Descartes?
A: rationalist

Q: What sort of idealist was Descartes?
A: Sceptical

Q: In what section was Descartes criticized?
A: Paralogisms of Pure Reason

Q: Who censured Kant for his agnostic tautology?
A: Friedrich Nietzsche

Q: What does Auto didacticism generally mean?
A: learning on your own

Q: When can you become an Autodidact?
A: any point in one's life

Q: Which famous U.S president was a Autodidact?
A: Abraham Lincoln

Q: Which famous inventor was a Autodidact?
A: Thomas Alva Edison

Q: What trail forms part of the border Tennessee shares with North Carolina?
A: Appalachian Trail

Q: Which two Tennessee counties cover the area that comprised North Carolina's Tennessee County?
A: Montgomery County and Robertson County

Q: Who left Fort Watuaga, crossed the Appalachians, and attacked the British army in South Carolina in 1780?
A: Overmountain Men

Q: Who lost the Battle of Kings Mountain in South Carolina?
A: the British Army

Q: What was the name of the state that three North Carolina counties hoped to form in 1784?
A: Franklin

Q: What was the name given to the land that North Carolina transferred to the federal government in 1790?
A: Southwest Territory

Q: What other name does the North Carolina Road share with Daniel Boone's passage through the Cumberland Gap?
A: Wilderness Road

Q: Which Republican won the Presidency while carrying Tennessee in 1928?
A: Herbert Hoover

Q: By what percentage of the popular vote did George W. Bush carry Tennessee in 2004?
A: 14%

Q: A bias in Tennessee politics favoring which type of geographical district gave rise to the Baker v. Carr Supreme Court case?
A: rural

Q: What career path did Jon Savage take in life?
A: Writer

Q: What is the term for play stopped because the ball carrier, although not fully tackled, can no longer advance the ball?
A: forward progress

Q: Which parts of the ball carrier's body do not cause play to stop when they touch the ground?
A: feet and hands

Q: How much were the French outnumbered at the Battle of Carillion?
A: 4,000 French troops repulsed 16,000 British

Q: What was the name of one of his semi-autobiographical books?
A: Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!

Q: What career did Joan hold?
A: astrophysicist

Q: Feynman borrowed a car from Klaus Fuchs, who was later found to be a what?
A: spy for the Soviets

Q: What is cargo cult science?
A: pseudoscience

Q: What analogies did Feynman use to teach Carl?
A: ants and Martians

Q: Which subject did Feynman and Carl both enjoy?
A: Mathematics

Q: What diseases were minimized by Gaddafi's health care policies?
A: cholera and typhoid

Q: What date was a coup d'etat carried out in Cyprus?
A: 15 July 1974

Q: What resource is scarce on Cyprus?
A: water

Q: Which side of the road do vehicles on Cyprus drive on?
A: left-hand

Q: How long has Steven Spielberg had his career so far?
A: more than four decades

Q: What was Spielberg's father's career?
A: electrical engineer involved in the development of computers

Q: What was Spielberg's mother's career?
A: restaurateur and concert pianist

Q: What British critic helped boost Steven Spielberg's career?
A: Dilys Powell

Q: How many Oscars did Close Encounters win?
A: two

Q: How many Oscars did Close Encounters get nominated for, besides Best Director?
A: six

Q: What was Spielberg's future wife's career?
A: actress

Q: How many Oscar nominations did 'The Color Purple' get?
A: eleven

Q: How many Oscar nominations did 'Munich' get?
A: five

Q: How many Oscar nominations did 'Bridge of Spies' get?
A: six

Q: Which Warner Bros. cartoons did Spielberg produce?
A: Tiny Toon Adventures, Animaniacs, Pinky and the Brain, Toonsylvania, and Freakazoid!

Q: What was Indy's father's career?
A: professor of medieval literature

Q: What was Amy Irving's career?
A: actress

Q: Why is a "this car leaving next" sign used?
A: to encourage passengers to make maximum use of the available elevator system capacity

Q: After all cars go to the lobby, what is the next step?
A: the system will then automatically select one or more cars to be used for normal operations and these cars will return to service

Q: How are the selected cars then readied for passengers?
A: The car(s) selected to run under emergency power can be manually overridden by a key or strip switch in the lobby

Q: Passenger elevators, used in city transport share similarities to what other ascending and descending vehicles counterbalancing each other?
A: funiculars

Q: What type of elevator is better suited for carrying freight?
A: electric elevators

Q: What type of elevators are used for loading loose materials into bulk carriers?
A: Belt elevators

Q: What type of vehicles are the passenger cabs?
A: automated guided vehicles or AGVs

Q: What is used to haul passengers cars?
A: electric locomotives

Q: What area in US discontinued using overhead wires for streetcars in 1962?
A: Washington, D.C.

Q: What is the recent incentive in  order to overcome oil scarcity?
A: to substitute other fuels

Q: What type of natural resources is more scarce?
A: liquid fuel

Q: Why did the Nicaraguans come to America?
A: political instability during the end of the 1970s and the 1980s

Q: When did the Nicaraguans arrive?
A: Throughout the 1980s with the United States supported Contra War (or Contra-revolutionary war) which continued up until 1988

Q: Where did Nicaraguans settle in America?
A: The states of the United States where most Nicaraguans migrated to include Florida, California and Texas.

Q: Was there a specific reason many Nicaraguans fled to the U.S.?
A: the economic collapse of the country many more Nicaraguans migrated to the United States amongst other countries.

Q: What is the oldest city in South Carolina?
A: Charleston

Q: What county is Charleston, South Carolina located in?
A: Charleston County

Q: How large is Charleston, South Carolina?
A: 127.5 square miles (330.2 km2)

Q: What is the third largest city in South Carolina?
A: North Charleston

Q: What era brought counties to South Carolina?
A: Reconstruction Era

Q: Counties replaced what system in South Carolina?
A: traditional parish system

Q: How long did it take to establish settlement expeditions for the Province of Carolina?
A: seven years

Q: What was the plan to settle and develop the Province of Carolina?
A: the Grand Model

Q: Bermuda is located near which North Carolina town?
A: Cape Hatteras

Q: What religious group was not allowed to settle in South Carolina?
A: Catholics

Q: What is the oldest college in South Carolina?
A: College of Charles Towne

Q: Who was the commander of the American forces defending South Carolina?
A: Col. Moultrie

Q: When did General Clinton attack South Carolina?
A: June 28, 1776

Q: What city became the state capital of South Carolina?
A: Columbia

Q: Charleston was the state capital of South Carolina until what year?
A: 1786

Q: What became South Carolina's major export commodity after 1793?
A: cotton

Q: Which party dominated South Carolina's state legislature?
A: Democrat

Q: Blacks were the majority in South Carolina until what year?
A: 1930

Q: What was the name of 21 year old that killed nine church members in Charleston, South Carolina?
A: Dylann Roof

Q: Clementa Pinckney served what public office for the state of South Carolina?
A: state senator

Q: On what day was the Confederate flag removed from South Carolina State House?
A: July 10, 2015

Q: What  the profession of Gian Carlo Menotti?
A: composer

Q: What major award did Gian Carlo Menotti win?
A: Pulitzer Prize

Q: What is the largest police department of South Carolina?
A: The City of Charleston Police Department

Q: What is the profession of Gian Carlo Menotti?
A: composer

Q: What year did South Carolina pass a law allowing them to repeal Federal Law?
A: 1832

Q: After South Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston's forts?
A: federal soldiers

Q: After South Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston Harbor?
A: five United States Coast Guard cutters

Q: In which book of the Bible did God reference gifts of Blue Purple and Scarlet?
A: the Book of Exodus

Q: In what year did cardinals in the Roman Catholic church start wearing red?
A: 1295

Q: What was carmine made from?
A: the carminic acid in tiny female scale insects

Q: What would to the carmine pigment if not used diligently?
A: change color

Q: During what century did carmine start to see use?
A: 15th

Q: Which British law forbade cars from following a bearer of a red flag as a warning to horse drawn vehicles?
A: the Locomotives on Highways Act 1896

Q: Under what circimstance is a red flag flown in auto racing?
A: if there is danger to the drivers

Q: How many heads did the scarlet beast which a woman sat on have?
A: seven heads

Q: The horned scarlet beast that a woman sat on had how many horns?
A: ten

Q: What kind of cup did the woman on the scarlet horned beast have?
A: golden

Q: What was on the forehead of the woman on the scarlet horned beast?
A: a name

Q: Outside of the blood of the saints, on what did the woman on the scarlet horned beast become drunken?
A: the blood of the martyrs of Jesus

Q: Which cardinal direction is signified by red in China?
A: south

Q: What has to occur for a player in association football to be shown a red penalty card?
A: a serious infraction

Q: What occurs when a player in association football is shown a red penalty card?
A: the player is immediately disqualified from further play

Q: How is an association football team impacted when a player is shown a red penalty card?
A: his team must continue with one less player for the game's duration

Q: What long time careers were Sperrle and Jeschonnek involved in?
A: German air services

Q: What did the Air Force believe they could avoid if they carried out effective day missions?
A: night missions and their disadvantages

Q: Who operated the automatic beam system?
A: the bomber's autopilot

Q: The first jamming operation was carried out using what machines?
A: electrocautery machines

Q: What supported the GL carpet?
A: six GCI sets controlling radar-equipped night-fighters

Q: What is the primary consideration for determining if projects may be carried out in areas with endangered species?
A: whether a listed species will be harmed by the action and, if so, how the harm can be minimized

Q: Given that a violator caused wildlife harm, who may provide financial assistance for the care of the harmed wildlife?
A: The Secretary

Q: What did Descartes believe about vacuums in nature?
A: that a vacuum does not occur in nature

Q: What philosophy combined with Descartes to push quantum activity in the 20th century?
A: Cartesian mechanical philosophy

Q: What provides power assistance for auto brakes?
A: vacuum servo

Q: What does a manifold vacuum do on a car?
A: drive accessories

Q: During which period was the odometer cart first created?
A: Han

Q: What use did the odometer cart provide?
A: measured journey lengths

Q: Who said that protected CDs are not allowed to carry the CDDA logo?
A: Philips

Q: What party carried the position of D.C. Statehood?
A: D.C. Statehood Party

Q: For radio broadcast that one would hear in their car what type of towers are used?
A: vertical

Q: Why are a heteromorphic flower's carpels and stamens different lengths?
A: so animal pollinators cannot easily transfer pollen to the pistil

Q: What percentage of the air pollution in Hyderabad comes solely from vehicles?
A: 20–50%

Q: People choose to use what type of facility due to long distances and poor care at Government hospitals?
A: Private clinics

Q: What non-profit cardiovascular educational association is headquartered in Hyderabad?
A: Indian Heart Association

Q: How many people are carried each day by the bus service network in Hyderabad?
A: 130 million

Q: In 2012 how many vehicles were driving in Hyderabad?
A: 3.5 million

Q: What percentage of the vehicles in Hyderabad were cars in 2012?
A: 15%

Q: What percent of the city's public work's vehicles use alternate fuels?
A: Eighty-two

Q: Grand theft Auto V was released in what year?
A: 2013

Q: What is the only agency that is authorized to carry out action on behalf of the president?
A: CIA

Q: When was Descartes pontificating about his theories regarding pain?
A: 1644

Q: What did Descartes think pain was?
A: a disturbance

Q: What do health-care professionals tend to underestimate?
A: severity

Q: An older adult may also not report pain because they're scared they may be put on what?
A: a drug

Q: What did Descartes argue animals lack?
A: consciousness

Q: Where does Tucson hold NASCAR races?
A: Tucson Raceway Park

Q: What kind of vehicles operate on the Sun Link?
A: streetcar

Q: How does heterotrophic carbon metabolism occur?
A: organic carbon compounds are used as carbon sources

Q: When carbon metabolism is called autotrophic?
A: cellular carbon is obtained by fixing carbon dioxide

Q: What are hydrogen and carbon monoxide for Lithotrophic bacteria?
A: Common inorganic electron donors

Q: What organization likes the term "circuit card assembly" for boards that have already been assembled?
A: IPC

Q: What will a circuit board with heavy copper carry very well?
A: current

Q: What type of construction is best for applications that need to portion space carefully?
A: Cordwood

Q: What do insulating cards prevent between interconnection layers?
A: shorting

Q: In what year was the Auto-Sembly process created?
A: 1949

Q: What year was the patent for the Auto-Sembly process granted?
A: 1956

Q: Although two men developed the Auto-Sembly process, to whom was the patent officially granted?
A: U.S. Army

Q: Which part of the Auto-Sembly manufacturing process is the most costly?
A: drilling holes

Q: To which league is the fifth place Premier League team automatically qualified for?
A: UEFA Europa League

Q: Who did UEFA rule should automatically qualify for the Champions League?
A: the defending champions

Q: At which team's expense does the previous champion's automatic entry into the Champions League without placing in the top four come?
A: the fourth-placed team

Q: In 2012, which team was automatically qualified for the champion's league even though they did not place in the top four?
A: Chelsea

Q: Give an example of someone who was a caretaker manager?
A: examples include Paul Hart at Portsmouth and David Pleat at Tottenham Hotspur.

Q: What is a caretaker manager?
A: Caretaker appointments are managers that fill the gap between a managerial departure and a new appointment.

Q: For how long at most is an unlicenced caretaker manager allowed to control a Premier League team for?
A: 12 weeks

Q: Which caretaker manager was later promoted to permanent manager at Portsmouth?
A: Paul Hart

Q: Which caretaker manager was later promoted to permanent manager at Tottenham Hotspur?
A: David Pleat

Q: Who did the Carthaginians hire to lead their army after several losses against the Romans?
A: Xanthippus

Q: What had prevented Carthage from defending their territory from pirates?
A: Treaties

Q: What type of colony was Carthage primarily comprised of?
A: punic colonies

Q: What was the main request of the Romans that Carthage turned down?
A: complete surrender

Q: In what century was the phalanx formation finally discarded by the Roman people?
A: 4th century BC

Q: Where were the American aircraft carriers during the attack on Pearl Harbor by Japan?
A: at sea

Q: Who ordered General MacArthur to make a defense plan with Australia?
A: President Franklin Roosevelt

Q: When was General MacArthur ordered to make a defense plan with Australia?
A: March 1942

Q: Where was MacArthur's headquarters moved to in March of 1942?
A: Melbourne

Q: What American carrier joined the USS Yorktown to stop the Japanese attack on Port Moresby in 1942?
A: USS Lexington

Q: What Japanese carrier was lost in the Battle of the Coral Sea?
A: Shōhō

Q: What American carrier was sunk in the Battle of the Coral Sea?
A: Lexington

Q: How many carriers did Nagumo have at the Battle of Midway?
A: four

Q: What were on the decks of the Japanese aircraft carriers when the American dive bobers attacked?
A: munitions

Q: At what altitude did the American dive bombers commence their attck on the Japanese carriers?
A: 10,000 feet

Q: Which Japanese carrier survived the first wave of American dive bombers in the Battle of Midway.
A: Hiryū

Q: How many fleet carriers were lost by the Japanese in the Battle of Midway?
A: four

Q: How many Japanese carriers were sunk during the war?
A: eight

Q: How many fleet carriers did the U.S. Fifth Fleet have?
A: 15

Q: How many carriers did Ozawa have?
A: nine

Q: Who gave the directive for all carriers in the US Navy to have combat information centers?
A: Nimitz

Q: When did Nimitz launch a carrier raid against Formosa?
A: 12 October

Q: How many aircraft carriers were in Ozawa's "Northern Force"?
A: four

Q: Leaving Washington DC, what cardinal direction would one travel to reach Richmond?
A: south

Q: Along with Newtowne West, to what neighborhood is Carver regarded as having comparable demographics?
A: Jackson Ward

Q: How many bells are contained in the World War I Memorial Carillon?
A: 56

Q: In what year was the World War I Memorial Carillon constructed?
A: 1926

Q: What is A. Carl Prince's religious affiliation?
A: Baptist

Q: In what district did A. Carl Prince win election to the city council?
A: Eighth

Q: What political organization supported the city council candidacy of A. Carl Prince?
A: Richmond Crusade for Voters

Q: Aside from healthcare, which employment sector has strongly emerged in San Diego?
A: biotechnology development

Q: Which museum houses the USS Midway aircraft carrier?
A: San Diego Aircraft Carrier Museum

Q: What percentage of San Diego's residents rely on theri automobile as a primary source of transportation?
A: over 80 percent

Q: Who wrote Theologus Autodidactus?
A: Ibn al-Nafis

Q: Who was the main chracter of Philosophus Autodidactus?
A: Hayy

Q: What type of book is Theologus Autodidactus the first type of?
A: science fiction

Q: What did Ibn al-Nafis use to explain the events in Theologus Autodidactus?
A: scientific knowledge

Q: Which year did a translation of Philosophus Autodidactus in Latin come to be?
A: 1671

Q: Who first translated Philosophus Autodidactus into latin?
A: Edward Pococke the Younger

Q: Simon Ockley translated Philosophus Autodidactus into English, in what year did he do that?
A: 1708

Q: What book is Robert Boyle believe to have written after being inspired by Philosophus Autodidactus?
A: The Aspiring Naturalist

Q: Who won the 1980 US Presidential Elections after President Carter's repeated failed attempts to resolve the US Iranian Embassy situation?
A: Ronald Reagan

Q: Why did Iran have to build its own military hardware, vehicles, and weapons after the 1979 Revolution?
A: foreign embargoes

Q: Which Iranian cardiologist developed and invented the first artificial cardiac pump?
A: Tofy Mussivand

Q: Which card does a referee use to signal a caution to a player?
A: yellow card

Q: How many yellow cards lead to a red card?
A: A second

Q: A referee gives out a yellow card and writes down the players name in his notebook which is called being what?
A: booked

Q: Managers and support staff is considered what and thus cannot be shown a card?
A: Non-players

Q: What does a red card mean?
A: dismissal

Q: What Venetian spent most of his career in England?
A: Giacomo Leoni

Q: When did the decedents of the Congo and Afro-Caribbean arrive in liberia?
A: 1825

Q: Congo descendants and Afro-Caribbean make of what percentage of liberia's population?
A: 2.5%

Q: Where can Carrier account management systems be found?
A: Windows Store apps

Q: What registers the insertion of a SIM card?
A: the operating system

Q: What title did Georgius Gemistus Pletho carry?
A: Byzantine scholar

Q: How much did the translators care about scholarship?
A: no more than had their predecessors

Q: Who instructs vehicles on which taxiways to use?
A: Ground Control

Q: What are SNES game cartridges officially called in the US?
A: Game Pak

Q: What are SNES game cartridges officially called in Japan?
A: Cassette

Q: How much data space can an SNES cartridge use?
A: 117.75 Mbit

Q: Which other game system's cartridges could be adapted to the SNES?
A: Game Boy

Q: When did evidence of wheeled vehicles appear throughout the world?
A: mid 4th millennium BC

Q: What is the term for a ship's cargo manager?
A: supercargo

Q: What did Tuvalu call for from other nations concerning reduction of carbon emissions?
A: binding deals

Q: What do Tuvalu's merchant fleet carry?
A: cargo and passengers

Q: Is it believed that Mary carried no transgression which would require blame ?
A: makes no declaration about the Church's belief that the Blessed Virgin was sinless in the sense of freedom from actual or personal sin

Q: What other career fields have seen an increase in active combat missions?
A: Air Force Office of Special Investigations

Q: During what war the the USAF establish a new career field for piloting UAVs and drones?
A: Iraq War

Q: Who investigated the efficiency of high-brightness LED at Cardiff University in 1995?
A: Alberto Barbieri

Q: How much can a building's carbon footprint be reduced by switching to LEDs?
A: 85%

Q: What lubricates the pericardial sac?
A: serous fluid

Q: How do nesting sandgrouse carry water to their young?
A: wetting their belly feathers

Q: When does parental care end in megapodes?
A: at hatching

Q: What type of seabird has the longest period of parental care?
A: frigatebird

Q: In Quebec, The Guianas and places in the Caribbean where English is spoken, what is the preferred term for the indigenous people of the Americas?
A: Amerindian

Q: Pottery, weavings and carvings are just some of the contributions to art by which peoples?
A: indigenous

Q: Who came up with a policy for indigenous autonomy?
A: Morales

Q: What effect has the issue of indigenous autonomy had on Bolivia?
A: divided

Q: Who came up with a policy for indigenous autonomy?
A: Morales

Q: What effect has the issue of indigenous autonomy had on Bolivia?
A: divided

Q: What percentage of the Nicaraguan population are indigenous?
A: About 5%

Q: What is the largest indigenous group in Nicaragua?
A: Miskito

Q: How many Mayanga people are in Nicaragua?
A: some 10,000

Q: What trend has Egypt healthcare made recently?
A: great strides forward

Q: When government computerised ID cards who were adversely impacted?
A: religious minorities

Q: When did Egyptian court rule that members of other faiths could obtain ID cards without listing faith?
A: 2008

Q: Carthage and Tunisia are in what general area?
A: North Africa

Q: Why has production automation become popular?
A: high cost of labor in developed countries

Q: How much faster is automated creation over handmade?
A: 10 times faster

Q: On what date was the Magna Carta Universitatum signed?
A: 18 September 1988

Q: What Roman word was used to refer to the scared precinct?
A: templum

Q: How were sacrifices of humans carried out in Rome?
A: buried

Q: Before the invasion of what area was human sacrifice carried out?
A: Gaul

Q: For what state artifacts did the Vestals care?
A: Lares and Penates

Q: What type of practices were those affecting the care of the dead?
A: archaic

Q: What organization was Rome's official caretaker?
A: the senate

Q: In 2013 who did the healthcare exchange commission to impersonate Obama and post it to youtube?
A: Iman Crosson

Q: In 2007 youtube launched an automated system to detect what?
A: videos that infringe copyright

Q: What is the name of the system that automatically detects copyright violations?
A: Content ID

Q: When did the North Carolina Constitution disestablish the Anglican church?
A: 1776

Q: In what years were the Dissolution of the Monasteries carried out?
A: Between 1535 and 1540

Q: What was de Beauvoir's career?
A: writer

Q: What percentage of the world's bulk carriers are Greece's?
A: 16.1%

Q: What was ornately carved in the 9th-11th centuries?
A: Armenian Khachkars

Q: What was Aram Khatchaturian's career?
A: classical music composer

Q: When is the earliest known Armenian carpet from?
A: early 13th century

Q: Where is the earliest known Armenian carpet from?
A: the village of Banants (near Gandzak)

Q: What is Hakobyan's career?
A: Art historian

Q: What creatures are often depicted on Armenian carpets?
A: dragons and eagles

Q: When did Watch Tower supporters gather as autonomous congregations to study the Bible?
A: From 1879

Q: Whose pronouncements within Jehovah Witnesses group are considered to carry almost as much weight as the Bible?
A: the Governing Body

Q: Statistically, what is a Jehovah's Witnesses likely not to care about at all?
A: politics

Q: Why political movement was named for Joseph McCarthy?
A: McCarthyism

Q: What political theory did Eisenhower use to oppose McCarthy?
A: executive privilege

Q: What car did Eisenhower compare modern art to?
A: Tin Lizzie

Q: What position was held by General MacArthur at this point in time?
A: Army Chief of Staff

Q: What was the home state of Joseph McCarthy?
A: Wisconsin

Q: What was the name of the Lockheed C-121 Constellation that carried Eisenhower?
A: Columbine II

Q: In what year did Joseph McCarthy declare that the federal government was employing communists?
A: 1953

Q: What did Eisenhower do when he was encouraged to respond to McCarthy's accusations?
A: he refused

Q: Why did Eisenhower ignore McCarthy?
A: facilitate relations with Congress

Q: What organization did Eisenhower want to keep from being one of McCarthy's targets?
A: Atomic Energy Commission

Q: What did McCarthy threaten to do in May of 1955?
A: issue subpoenas to White House personnel

Q: What tradition was fostered by Eisenhower's reaction to McCarthy's subpoena threats?
A: executive privilege

Q: Eisenhower denied McCarthy access to the personnel of what branch of the federal government?
A: Executive

Q: Who was the cardiologist who treated Eisenhower after his heart attack?
A: Paul Dudley White

Q: Along with Germany and Switzerland, what country contained an autobahn during the Second World War?
A: Austria

Q: How many cars can the Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market's parking garage hold?
A: 2,600

Q: When did Carrion Jr. retire as Borough President?
A: March 1, 2009

Q: When was Carrion Jr. first elected Borough President?
A: 2001

Q: When was Carrion Jr. re-elected Borough President?
A: 2005

Q: Who succeeded Carrion Jr.?
A: Rubén Díaz, Jr.

Q: What ethnicity is Carl Schurz?
A: German-American

Q: What was Herter's career?
A: sculptor

Q: What is Sacks' career?
A: neurologist

Q: Who wotked with Carl Rogers on humanistic phycology?
A: Abraham Maslow

Q: What was on the land at 30 degrees latitude north in the carboniferous period?
A: lush coal swamps

Q: What was the result in the decline in sea level in the middle of the Carboniferous period?
A: a major marine extinction

Q: The Pennsylvania period is separated by the drop in Carboniferous era sea levels from what other period?
A: Mississippian Period

Q: What geologic events took place when Pangea combined during the Carboniferous?
A: mountain building

Q: What was the continent that came to be North America and Europe called during the Carboniferous?
A: Laurussia

Q: The mountains forming to the southwest of the Appalachians in the Carboniferous are known as what?
A: the Ouachita Mountains

Q: Which two large oceans existed during the Carboniferous period?
A: the Panthalassa and Paleo-Tethys

Q: How much cargo had been being stolen from West Indies merchants in London each year?
A: £500,000

Q: How much cargo theft did the Thames River Police prevent in its first year?
A: £122,000

Q: What was von Hornigk's career?
A: Political economist and civil servant

Q: What have computers in police cars enabled for investigation?
A: criminal background checks on persons of interest to be completed in a matter of seconds

Q: What have computers in police cars enabled for reporting?
A: updating officers' daily activity log and other, required reports on a real-time basis

Q: When do police often use unmarked cars?
A: primarily for sting operations or apprehending criminals without alerting them to their presence

Q: What use of unmarked cars is controversial?
A: for traffic law enforcement

Q: Why did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
A: it endangered motorists who might be pulled over by people impersonating police officers

Q: When did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
A: 1996

Q: What is Allah Ditta Lona Wala's career?
A: folk singers

Q: What are patients carrying certain genetic variant alleles near the IL28B gene more likely to achieve?
A: sustained virological response

Q: What has been discovered in the bones of carnivorous dinosaurs?
A: Signs of infection

Q: How is deer stalking with rifles carried out?
A: on foot without hounds, using stealth

Q: What is carried out on foot without hounds?
A: Deer stalking

Q: What is carrying capacity in most circumstances determined by?
A: combination habitat and food availability,

Q: What happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat?
A: threaten the well-being of other species

Q: What is carrying capacity determined by?
A: combination habitat and food availability

Q: How long is Kumari believed to incarnate Taleju?
A: until she menstruates

Q: Why is travel in Kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft?
A: hilly terrain

Q: Before the creation of the College of Engineering similar studies were carried out at which Notre Dame college?
A: the College of Science

Q: What professorship did Father Josh Carrier hold at Notre Dame?
A: Professor of Chemistry and Physics

Q: When did Beyonce take a hiatus in her career and take control of her management?
A: 2010

Q: How many records has Beyonce sold in her 19 year career?
A: 118 million

Q: What French composer wrote the original opera ''Carmen'' in the 19th century?
A: Georges Bizet

Q: How many dates did Beyonce's "The Mrs. Carter Show" entail?
A: 132

Q: How many dates did the Mrs. Carter Show World Tour have?
A: 132

Q: How did Beyonce deal with the miscarriage of her child?
A: wrote music

Q: Beyonce cites Mariah Carey to making her want to start doing what?
A: vocal runs

Q: What song by Mariah Carey influenced her?
A: Vision of Love

Q: Which month and year did Beyonce credit Madonna for inspiring her to take control of her career?
A: February 2013

Q: Who inspired Beyoncé to take control of her career?
A: Madonna

Q: in September 2010, what career area did Beyonce start exploring?
A: modelling

Q: The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition was released in what year?
A: 2013

Q: How much money did The Mrs. Carter Show Limited Edition fragrance make?
A: 400 million

Q: The ECHR noted that among certain academics, what act carried out by the Serbs agains Bosnian Muslims and Croats did not constitute genocide?
A: ethnic cleansing

Q: What establishments did Frédéric frequently visit in Paris that influenced his career?
A: Paris salons

Q: What is the name of the actor who received and Oscar nomination for his role as Chopin?
A: Cornel Wilde

Q: What is the name of the muse carved on Chopin's tombstone?
A: Euterpe

Q: Who wrote in their will that they received loving care from the emperor in the east?
A: The Tai Situpa

Q: What company was first to create a means of connecting the iPod to an automobile?
A: BMW

Q: In what year did Apple reveal that it would provide compatibility with a wide range of auto manufacturers?
A: 2005

Q: Which company provides the ability to connect to iPods as a standard feature in their automobiles?
A: Scion

Q: Which car company released the first automobile interface for the iPod?
A: BMW

Q: Which car company first offered iPod connectivity as a standard feature on their whole product line?
A: Scion

Q: What has become a standard inclusion in cars for several different auto companies?
A: audio input jacks

Q: Which type of iPod car integration product is illegal in certain countries?
A: FM transmitters

Q: What audio integration feature has become standard on many car models?
A: audio input jacks

Q: If Link is not moving, where will he put the projectile he's carrying?
A: on the ground

Q: What was one feature that could not be implemented in Ocarina of Time?
A: horseback combat

Q: What was the specific area of gameplay that had not been done in Ocarina of Time?
A: horseback combat

Q: For which auto maker did Williams first develop the C-X75?
A: Jaguar

Q: What two cars were featured in a chase scene along the banks of the Tiber River?
A: Aston Martin DB10 and a Jaguar C-X75

Q: Which companies revealed Spectre's official car?
A: Aston Martin and Eon

Q: What logo did the Williams race team have on their cars for the 2015 Mexican Grand Prix?
A: 007

Q: Where did a cargo train derail as a result?
A: Hui County, Gansu

Q: What happened to the cargo train?
A: caught on fire

Q: Where did a cargo train derail?
A: Hui County, Gansu

Q: Where is health care poor in China?
A: inland areas

Q: Who made a direct chartered cargo flight?
A: China Airlines

Q: What date did the cargo flight leave?
A: May 15

Q: Where was the most precarious quake lake located?
A: Mount Tangjia in Beichuan County, Sichuan

Q: What was to be carried out at schools after the quake?
A: safety checks

Q: The Statue of Liberty is taken care of by what organization?
A: National Park Service

Q: What nation provided the most legal immigrants to New York City in the Caribbean?
A: the Dominican Republic

Q: In what year did the Port of New York and New Jersey deal with unprecedented cargo volume?
A: 2014

Q: The largest municipal healthcare in the US is what?
A: New York City Health and Hospitals Corporation

Q: What percentage of people living in Manhattan own a car?
A: 22

Q: What percentage of Americans drive cars to work?
A: 90%

Q: What percentage of New York households don't own an automobile?
A: 52%

Q: What percentage of Manhattan residents own an automobile?
A: 22%

Q: What is the busiest bridge for cars in the world?
A: George Washington Bridge

Q: Which tunnel do 120,000 vehicles travel through a day in NYC?
A: The Lincoln Tunnel

Q: How many vehicles utilize the Lincoln Tunnel daily?
A: 120,000

Q: Which actor received An Oscar for his role of Atticus Finch in the 1962 movie of the book?
A: Gregory Peck

Q: What is the name of the solar powered car race held every two years?
A: The World Solar Challenge

Q: What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car in 1987?
A: 67 kilometres per hour (42 mph)

Q: What was the average speed of a winning solar powered car by 2007?
A: 90.87 kilometres per hour (56.46 mph)

Q: What are some other similar car races that use solar powered vehicles?
A: The North American Solar Challenge and the planned South African Solar Challenge

Q: What is a possible alternative to making carbon-based fuels from reduction of carbon dioxide?
A: hydrogen production from protons

Q: What is wrong with the health care system in Tajikistan?
A: , the system remains extremely underdeveloped and poor, with severe shortages of medical supplies

Q: On what day were King Dom Carlos I and and his heir, Prince Royal Dom Luis Filipe, Duke of Braganza, murdered?
A: 1 February 1908

Q: Under the rule of King Dom Carlos I, on what two days was Portugal declared bankrupt?
A: on 14 June 1892, and again on 10 May 1902

Q: Who succeeded King Dom Carlos I as king?
A: Manuel II of Portugal

Q: What two autonomous regions have their own governments in Portugal?
A: Azores and Madeira

Q: What was the Carnation Revolution?
A: left-wing military coup in Lisbon

Q: In which year did the Carnation Revolution take place?
A: 1974

Q: In which year did the Carnation Revolution take place?
A: 1974

Q: What period followed the Carnation Revolution?
A: PREC period

Q: What automotive brands exist in Portugal?
A: Volkswagen Autoeuropa and Peugeot Citroen

Q: Where is Volkswagen Group's AutoEuropa assembly plant located?
A: Palmela

Q: What is the primary flag-carrier in Portugal?
A: TAP Portugal

Q: What is one example of a state-managed autonomous research institution?
A: INETI – Instituto Nacional de Engenharia, Tecnologia e Inovação

Q: What are the two main components of cardiovascular disease?
A: ischaemic heart disease and cerebrovascular disease

Q: By what group was Amadeo de Souza-Cardoso most heavily influenced by?
A: French painters, particularly by the Delaunays

Q: What is one of Amadeo de Souza-Cardoso's best known works?
A: Canção Popular a Russa e o Fígaro

Q: Who are some well known artists that Kanye produced for early in his career?
A: Jay-Z and Alicia Keys

Q: How many albums has Kanye released since starting his solo career in 2004?
A: 7

Q: How many total CDs has Kanye West released in his career so far?
A: 7

Q: Who did Kanye meet early in his career who later mentored him?
A: DJ No I.D.

Q: What types of records did Kanye sample in his early career.
A: classic soul records

Q: When did Kanye West start his production career?
A: mid-1990s

Q: What career was Kanye's ultimate dream?
A: rapper

Q: What did Kanye's peers see him as while he tried to pursue his rap career?
A: a producer

Q: What was the date of Kanye's car wreck?
A: October 23, 2002

Q: With the help of his mom, what foundation did Kanye create early in his career?
A: Kanye West Foundation

Q: Which President did Kanye West accuse of "Not caring for black people"?
A: George W. Bush

Q: Who did Kanye West say doesn't care about black people?
A: George Bush

Q: What overabundance of themes did Kanye criticize early in his career?
A: homophobia in hip hop

Q: How many songs has Kanye sold digitally in his career?
A: over 30 million

Q: In awakening to the true nature of the self, one no longer care about what?
A: objects

Q: What Yogacarins asserted that the mind was not truly existent?
A: Vasubandhu and Asanga

Q: Nirvana and what term carry the same meaning?
A: Bodhi

Q: What term means "great vehicle"?
A: Mahayana

Q: What does craving carry with it?
A: defilements

Q: When did the wildcard round become a factor?
A: season one

Q: How many wildcards were chosen by the judges in season eight?
A: four

Q: How many wildcard contestants were advanced in the competition in season ten?
A: three

Q: What season saw the return of the Wild Card round?
A: season eight

Q: How many wildcard contestants were chosen?
A: four

Q: What year did Carrie Underwood win American Idol?
A: 2005

Q: How many record has Carrie Underwood sold since winning American Idol?
A: 65 million

Q: What was the first song released by Carrie Underwood after winning American Idol?
A: Inside Your Heaven

Q: Which contestant cared for his brain-damaged fiancee?
A: Chris Medina

Q: What was Mariah Careys position on season 12 of American Idol?
A: Judges

Q: What website showed video of an altercation between Mariah Carey and Nicki Minaj?
A: TMZ

Q: How many seasons was Mariah Carey a judge on American Idol?
A: one

Q: What car company had a relationship with American Idol in season 14?
A: Ford Motor Company

Q: In addition to Clay Aiken and Kellie Pickler, which other Idol is from North Carolina?
A: Chris Daughtry

Q: What show helped launched the career of Kelly Clarkson?
A: American Idol

Q: What show helped launched the career of Carrie Underwood?
A: American Idol

Q: What show helped launched the career of Daughtry?
A: American Idol

Q: Which American Idol contestant won an Oscar for Dreamgirls?
A: Jennifer Hudson

Q: What year did Carrie Underwood win a Country Music Award for Best Female Artist?
A: 2006

Q: What singer criticized Carrie Underwood for winning a Country Music Award?
A: LeAnn Rimes

Q: Who did Carrie beat out for the award?
A: Faith Hill

Q: Who said that Carrie had not paid her dues to win that award?
A: LeAnn Rimes

Q: Which mobile carrier became a sponsor of American Idol in its second season?
A: AT&T Wireless

Q: How long do female dogs carry before delivering puppies?
A: 58 to 68 days

Q: Dogs exhibit carnivore as well as what other type of dietary behavior?
A: omnivores

Q: Cats are known as what type of carnivore?
A: obligate

Q: Vehicle accidents with resulting injuries that involve dogs are more common with what type of vehicle?
A: two-wheeled vehicles.

Q: What sort of vehicle is most likely associated with accidents involving dogs?
A: two-wheeled vehicles

Q: What is the common name of the species that causes Toxocariasis?
A: dog roundworm

Q: How are Toxicara canis infections spread?
A: dog feces

Q: About how many people get a Toxocara infection each year?
A: 10,000

Q: Toxocariasis can lead to what in humans?
A: retinal damage and decreased vision.

Q: Toxocariasis is caused by what kind of eggs in dog feces?
A: roundworm

Q: What percentage of people in America are infected with the Toxocara infection?
A: 14

Q: How many Toxocara infection cases are reported annually in the US?
A: 10,000

Q: If toxocariasis is left untreated, what can happen to a person?
A: retinal damage and decreased vision

Q: When did the tradition of people carrying the Olympic torch before the Olympic games begin?
A: 1936 Summer Olympics.

Q: How many days did people carry the Olympic torch before the 2008 Summer Olympics?
A: 129 days

Q: When was it decided that Air China would be the official torch carrier?
A: March 2008

Q: Who was the first person to carry the torch?
A: Alexandros Nikolaidis

Q: Who was the biggest shareholder of Carrefour?
A: the LVMH Group

Q: Where were anti-protesters blocked from entering a Carrefour store with Chinese flags?
A: Kunming

Q: What happened to protesters who tried to interrupt the carrying of the torch?
A: arrested

Q: Who is the first MMA fighter to participate in carrying the Olympic torch?
A: Fedor Emelianenko

Q: What is the name of the MMA fighter who carried the torch in Russia?
A: Fedor Emelianenko

Q: Along with Francesca Martinez, who decided to not carry the torch?
A: Richard Vaughan

Q: How many people carried the torch in England for the 2008 Olympics?
A: 80

Q: Rather than being carried by an athlete, how did the torch end its route in Paris?
A: by bus

Q: Where was the last part of the San Francisco torch relay carried through before getting on a bus?
A: Marina district

Q: What was on the banner that was displayed where the torchbearers would carry the torch?
A: Free Tibet

Q: What was the name given to the torch carried on the alternative march?
A: Human Rights Torch.

Q: Which actress carried the torch for part of the route?
A: Sulaf Fawakherji

Q: Where was the only place the Olympic torch was carried in the Middle East?
A: Muscat

Q: Instead of a traditinal relay, where was the track the torch was carried in Pakistan?
A: Jinnah Stadium.

Q: How many runners carried the torch in New Delhi?
A: 70

Q: What retired police officer refused to carry the torch in India?
A: Kiran Bedi

Q: What type of facility was the torch carried at instead.
A: stadium.

Q: Which athlete carried the torch for the final leg?
A: Ian Thorpe

Q: How many torchbearers carried the torch in Vietnam?
A: 60

Q: How many torchbearers carried the torch?
A: 120

Q: How many torchbearers carried the torch in Macao?
A: 120

Q: Who was the first person to carry the torch in Macao?
A: Leong Hong Man

Q: Carrefour was boycotted because of which shareholder?
A: LVMH Group

Q: Which website had mentions of the Carrefour boycott removed by the government?
A: Sohu.com

Q: When did protests in front of Carrefour's stores occur in China?
A: May 1

Q: Who removed Carrefour boycott comments from some websites?
A: the Chinese government

Q: What day did protests occur in front of Carrefour stores?
A: May 1.

Q: What Cartesian concept did Whitehead believe to be erroneous?
A: reality is fundamentally constructed of bits of matter that exist totally independently of one another

Q: What theory did Whitehead prefer to the Cartesian concept?
A: event-based or "process" ontology in which events are primary and are fundamentally interrelated and dependent on one another

Q: How did Descartes' distinguish types of existence?
A: two different kinds of real existence, either exclusively material or else exclusively mental

Q: Whitehead rejected the Cartesian idea in favor of what?
A: an event-based or "process" ontology

Q: What do Margaret Stout and Carrie M. Staton view as commonalities between Whitehead and Follett?
A: ontology that "understands becoming as a relational process; difference as being related, yet unique; and the purpose of becoming as harmonizing difference."

Q: What was the former name of Fort Oscar?
A: Gustav Adolph

Q: On what part of the island is Fort Oscar located on the far side of?
A: La Pointe

Q: What type of vehicles participate in the AG2R Race?
A: boats

Q: How many people are in the vehicle for the AG2R Race?
A: two

Q: In what experimental contexts are experiments being carried out on minimal genomes?
A: in vivo and in silico

Q: What is a term used for programs that automatically visit websites and record the data they find?
A: crawlers

Q: Who did Healthcare advocates change their case to include as a defendant?
A: Internet Archive

Q: What laws did Healthcare Advocates accuse Internet Archive of having broken?
A: the DMCA and the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act

Q: Who described the Dutch confederacy as exhibiting "Imbecility in the government; discord among the provinces; foreign influence and indignities; a precarious existence in peace, and peculiar calamities from war."
A: James Madison

Q: How many missions are carried out internally in Canada?
A: six core missions

Q: What type of military vehicle was maintained almost 15 years but never saw any action during the Cuban crisis?
A: an aircraft carrier

Q: What were the cardinals assigned?
A: a church in Rome as his titular church or linked with one of the suburbicarian dioceses

Q: What Latin word does "cardinal" come from?
A: cardo

Q: Which church still holds on to the original meaning of "cardinal" from the above Latin word?
A: The Church of England

Q: Who were the first people to be called cardinals in Rome?
A: the deacons of the seven regions of the city

Q: When were the Roman cardinals perceived as a privleged class among the Roman clergy?
A: 8th century

Q: What year did the ruling "only a cardinal was eligible to become pope" come in effect?
A: 769

Q: Who gave cardinals the right to elect the pope under the Papal Bull In nomine Domini?
A: Nicholas II

Q: What was it that gave cardinals the right to elect the pope?
A: the Papal Bull In nomine Domini

Q: In what year did the pope allow cardinals to wear the red hats?
A: 1244

Q: Who was the pope who gave cardinals the right to wear the hats?
A: Pope Innocent IV

Q: When is the earliest date of using the term cardinal as honorable church men used?
A: 747

Q: When was the title of cardinal reserved for the cardinals of Rome by Pius V?
A: 1567

Q: In regards to the word "cardinal" being used in cities other than Rome, who sent a letter to Pippin III?
A: Pope Zacharias

Q: Which pope declared that cardinals would be from Rome?
A: Pius V.

Q: In what year did Pope Pius IV wrote abou tthe selecting of cardinals?
A: 1563

Q: In what year did the Ecumenical Council of Trent write in regards to the selection of Cardinals?
A: 1563

Q: In what roles did cardinals have important roles?
A: secular affairs.

Q: What Caridinal had powers so great that he basically ran France?
A: Cardinal Richelieu

Q: Which cardinal acted a the leader of France due to his amount of power?
A: Cardinal Richelieu

Q: Who is the only person to ever become a cardinal king?
A: Henry, King of Portugal

Q: Pope Sixtus V limited the number of cardinals to?
A: 70

Q: What did the composition of the cardinals consist of?
A: comprising six cardinal bishops, 50 cardinal priests, and 14 cardinal deacons.

Q: Pope Paul VI increse the number of cardinal electors to?
A: 120

Q: Pope Paul VI raised the cap on cardinal electors from 70 to what?
A: 120

Q: Where do the cardinals work?
A: a church in the city of Rome or one of the suburbicarian sees

Q: What other title does the Dean of Collge of Cardinals receive upon appointment?
A: titular bishopric of Ostia

Q: Who held more power then the cardinal?
A: the Pope and crowned monarchs

Q: The Archdiocese of Milwaukee says that the correct way to address a cardinal in English is?
A: "Cardinal [First name] [Surname]"

Q: What is the proper way to address a cardinal according to the Archdiocese of Milwaukee?
A: Cardinal [First name] [Surname]

Q: How do cardinals sign traditionally?
A: by placing the title "Cardinal" (abbreviated Card.) after their personal name and before their surname

Q: When was the most recent election of a non-cardinal?
A: 1378

Q: When is the last time a non cardinal was elected as pope?
A: 1378

Q: Do any sees carry the right to the cardinalate?
A: no

Q: What is a cardinal bishop?
A: cardinals of the episcopal order

Q: Some cardinals are bishop in name only, what are they called?
A: Cardinal bishops

Q: In early times, who was generally electied to cardinal?
A: a Roman priest

Q: How many suburbicarian sees?
A: seven

Q: Cardinal bishops do not have any powers of governnace over the suburibicarian see since when?
A: 1962

Q: In what year was it decided that cardinal bishops had no power over the seven sees?
A: 1962

Q: The entire group of cardinals is known as what?
A: College of Cardinals

Q: Who is the only person who can judge a Cardinal in regards to laws of the church?
A: the pope

Q: What does the pope give to a new Cardinal?
A: a gold ring

Q: Who decides on the design of the item given to new Cardinals?
A: the pope

Q: What is the name of the hat that the pope used to wear when naming a new Cardinal?
A: a galero.

Q: What does the pope now wear when naming a new Cardinal?
A: scarlet biretta

Q: Which Cardinals still wear traditional clothing?
A: Eastern Catholic cardinals

Q: What does the color red symbolize in the clothing worn by Cardinals?
A: willingness to die for his faith

Q: Which item of clothing worn by cardinals is always white?
A: rochet

Q: The Cardinal bird was named as such because of what in relation to Cardinals of the church?
A: the scarlet color of cardinals' vesture

Q: When did Cardinals stop wearing purple or blue capes?
A: 1460s

Q: What happens if a Cardinal is named in pectore, and the pope dies?
A: the cardinalate expires

Q: What was a "lay cardinal" allowed to do that is not considered a normal status of a Cardinal?
A: marry

Q: What did the Code of Canon Law state in regards to Cardinals?
A: only those who are already priests or bishops may be appointed cardinals

Q: A cardinal who does not hold the title of "bishop" may not do what?
A: perform the functions reserved solely to bishops, such as ordination

Q: Cardinals who were not bishops have been promoted to Cardinal around the age of 80 since what year?
A: 1962

Q: In what year did the practice of allowing non priests to become Cardinals stop?
A: 1917

Q: In what year was it declared that Cardinals had to be bishops?
A: 1962

Q: In the time between electing new popes, what is the duty of the cardinal?
A: collate information about the financial situation of all administrations dependent on the Holy See and present the results to the College of Cardinals

Q: How many cardinal deacons were there in 2005?
A: 30

Q: How many years before a cardinal deacon can choose the order of the cardinal priests?
A: 10 years

Q: In 1939, how many Cardinals were Italian?
A: about half

Q: In 1994, how many Cardinals were Italian?
A: third

Q: What is the name of one of the deaconries in which Cardinals come from?
A: seven deacons in the Papal Household

Q: Which cardinals are ranked lowest?
A: cardinal deacons

Q: Who can become the cardinal protopriest?
A: The cardinal who is the longest-serving member of the order of cardinal priests

Q: Who is the cardinal protopriest at this time?
A: Paulo Evaristo Arns of Brazil

Q: In the College of Cardinals, the elected Dean needs the approval of who?
A: the Pope

Q: Patriarch cardinals are not given what title?
A: a suburbicarian see

Q: Who are the lowest ranking cardinals in the Catholic church?
A: cardinal deacons

Q: Who are the highest ranking cardinals in the Catholic Church?
A: cardinal bishops

Q: Which rank has the most cardinals?
A: Cardinal priests

Q: What was the original definition of a cardinal priest?
A: priests chosen by the pope

Q: Each cardinal priest has what?
A: a titular church in Rome

Q: In what year did Pope Sixtus V put a cap on the number of cardinals in the College of Cardinals?
A: 1587

Q: Who removed the cap on cardinals in the College of the Cardinals?
A: Pope John XXIII

Q: What language is Carduchi thought to have become?
A: Kurdish

Q: What color are headlamps on a vehicle?
A: white or selective yellow

Q: When did automakers start using electroluminescent technology to backlight gauges?
A: late 1950s

Q: What happens to the natural carcidan cycle when light-dark patterns are disrupted?
A: disrupt the natural circadian cycle

Q: What term describes the status of the different branches of government in Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina and Georgia?
A: separate and distinct

Q: In Vitruvius's mind, whose responsibility was it to see the principles carried out?
A: architect

Q: What was Ruskin's career?
A: art critic

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Cuba

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation is in the top quartile of HDI (but missing IHDI)?
A: Barbados

Q: Which Caribbean nation protested its exclusion from the 2010 report?
A: Cuba

Q: Which magazine publication carried a statement from the Human Development Report Office in January, 2011?
A: The Economist

Q: What character was featured in the cartoon aired the day BBC broadcasting was restored?
A: Mickey Mouse

Q: What nickname did Schwarzenegger's co-stars call him by during his acting career?
A: Arnie

Q: What green technology did Schwarzenegger have installed at home to reduce his carbon footprint?
A: solar panels

Q: What actress claimed she also carried on an affair with Schwarzenegger while he was with Shriver?
A: Brigitte Nielsen

Q: What's the title of Schwarzenegger's autobiography?
A: Total Recall

Q: When was Schwarzenegger's autobiography released?
A: October 2012

Q: In addition to the Humvee, what other vehicle manufactured by AM General was Schwarzenegger first to own?
A: Hummers

Q: What aircraft carrier received maintenance at Devonport Dockyard?
A: Ark Royal

Q: When was the Charles Cross car park removed?
A: 2004

Q: In what cardinal direction is Crownhill Fort located outside the city?
A: north

Q: In what cardinal direction outside Plymouth is Devonport located?
A: west

Q: Was René Descartes an idealist or a materialist?
A: materialist

Q: René Descartes lived from what year to what year?
A: 1596-1650

Q: What was the name of the first vehicle to reach outer space?
A: the Aggregate-4

Q: The first ship to carry a human through space was called what?
A: Vostok 1

Q: The spaceship that carried Alan Shepard was named what?
A: Freedom 7

Q: What spacecraft carried  Valentina Tereshkova, the first woman in space?
A: Vostok 6

Q: How many people could the Gemini project carry?
A: 2

Q: The Voskhod 2 carrying two humans was launched on what date?
A: March 18, 1965

Q: The "Lunniy Korabl" or "LK" would carry how many people?
A: N1

Q: What animal was carried aboard the  Zond 5?
A: tortoises

Q: Which Russian rocket carries passengers to and from the International Space Station?
A: R-7 rocket

Q: What was William Tillcar's profession?
A: Turner

Q: What tavern did William Tillcar live adjacent to?
A: Sun Tavern

Q: What was a function of distant country pubs before the rise of motor vehicles?
A: serving travellers as coaching inns

Q: What cartel has been known to be in Oklahoma city?
A: Juárez Cartel

Q: What year should the streetcar become operable?
A: 2017

Q: How is childcare viewed in a hunter-gatherer society?
A: childcare is collective

Q: What policies did a State Department official accuse UNFPA of helping China carry out?
A: population control policies

Q: How many autonomous republics make up the RSFSR?
A: sixteen

Q: How many autonomous oblasts were part of the RSFSR?
A: five

Q: Who eliminated the Karachay Autonomous Oblast?
A: Joseph Stalin

Q: When was the Karachay Autonomous Oblast ended?
A: 1943

Q: What republic was the territory of the Karachay Autonomous Oblast transferred to?
A: Georgian SSR

Q: What republic did the Karakalpak Autonomous Socialist Soviet Republic become a part of?
A: the Uzbek SSR

Q: When was the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic transferred from the Georgian SSR?
A: January 9, 1957

Q: What territory was transferred along with the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic?
A: Karachay Autonomous Oblast

Q: Who transferred the Chechen-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic in 1957?
A: Khrushchev

Q: To what republic was the Karachay Autonomous Oblast transferred in 1957?
A: the Russian SFSR

Q: What republic had the Karachay Autonomous Oblast previously been a part of?
A: the Georgian SSR

Q: After a trip to what city did Carl Laemmle leave the dry goods business?
A: Chicago

Q: Who bought the Oswald the Lucky Rabbit cartoons in 2006?
A: Disney

Q: Who was 2006 seller of the Oswald cartoons?
A: NBC Universal

Q: Who began producing Oswald cartoons for Universal in 1929?
A: Walter Lantz

Q: In what year did Walter Lantz cease producing Oswald cartoons for Universal?
A: 1943

Q: How many of Carl Laemmle, Sr.'s relatives were working for Universal as of 1928?
A: 70

Q: What was Carl Laemmle, Sr.'s nickname at Universal?
A: Uncle Carl

Q: At what age did Carl Laemmle, Jr. become president of Universal?
A: 21

Q: What Academy Award-winning director was a relative of Carl Laemmle's?
A: William Wyler

Q: What was Carl Laemmle Jr.'s nickname?
A: Junior

Q: Along with distribution and studio operations, what part of Universal was retained by Carl Laemmle, Jr. during bankruptcy?
A: production operations

Q: In what year did Bell's father take him to see an automaton?
A: 1863

Q: Who created the automaton Bell saw?
A: Sir Charles Wheatstone

Q: What did the automaton mimic?
A: human voice

Q: Bell built his own automaton with who?
A: Melville

Q: What part of the automaton did Bell create?
A: skull

Q: On what material did the phonautograph operate?
A: smoked glass

Q: What instrument is a phonautograph similar to?
A: pen

Q: What company did Bell acquire the carbon microphone from?
A: Western Union

Q: In the photophone, light carried sound and what?
A: normal human conversations

Q: When did Rodolphe Töpffer create cartoons?
A: 1830s

Q: What is Japanese cartooning known as?
A: manga

Q: The historical aspect of cartooning can be applied to mass reproduction or what?
A: recurring characters

Q: Where did gag cartoons first make an appearance?
A: Europe

Q: When did gag single-panel illustrations become known as cartoons?
A: 1843

Q: In which publication was cartoon first used to describe gag single-panel illustrations?
A: Punch

Q: What 1925 cartoon made speech bubbles popular?
A: Zig et Puce

Q: Pilote cartoonists were upset with censorship and what?
A: editorial interference

Q: What kind of vehicle offers basic transportation to people in Saint Helena?
A: A minibus

Q: What is the form of hydrogen and carbon called?
A: hydrocarbons

Q: What browser was automatically included with OS X?
A: Safari

Q: When did the County of Barcelona separate from the Carolengian Empire?
A: 988

Q: When did macaronic Latin start showing signs of Catalan?
A: 11th century

Q: What contraption is used to carry the paper to the web printing presses?
A: reels

Q: Along with Barbra Streisand, Carole King, Cat Stevens and Bread, who was a prominent soft rock artist of this era?
A: James Taylor

Q: What type of musicians were artists such as Diana Ross, James Taylor, Carly Simon, Carole King and Janis Ian?
A: singer-songwriters

Q: Along with Barbra Streisand, the Carpenters, Dionne Warwick, Barry Manilow and Olivia Newton-John, what adult contemporary staple found it more difficult to score chart hits in the 1980s?
A: John Denver

Q: What milestone did Celine Dion, Mariah Carey, Phil Collins, Michael Bolton, Whitney Houston and Shania Twain share on the 1990s adult contemporary charts?
A: multiple number ones

Q: Along with Josh Groban, what notable pop artist started out his career on adult contemporary radio?
A: Michael Bublé

Q: Along with Trey Songz, Patti LaBelle, Toni Braxton, Whitney Houston, Aretha Franklin, Frank Ocean, Craig David and Mariah Carey, who is a well-known urban AC artist?
A: Luther Vandross

Q: Along with Bing Crosby, Dean Martin, Nat King Cole, The Carpenters, Percy Faith and Andy Williams, who is an artist played on AC stations around Christmastime but not otherwise?
A: Johnny Mathis

Q: How many lay vicars are there?
A: 12

Q: When was the office of Priest Vicar created?
A: 1970s

Q: Who cares for and manages the Pyx Chamber and chapter house?
A: the Dean and Chapter of Westminster

Q: Who does the Kindlifresserbrunnen scare?
A: disobedient children.

Q: How many of the working population use private cars?
A: 20.6%

Q: Have studies shown DST generally increases or reduces gas consumption from cars?
A: increases

Q: What part of your vehicle should you remember to check twice a year?
A: lights

Q: Do emissions from vehicle exhaust cause lower or higher pollution before dawn?
A: higher

Q: What kind of pollution is caused by emissions from cars while they're sitting in traffic?
A: air pollution

Q: What body carried out on-site inspection of member schools of the RIBA Board?
A: Visiting Board

Q: Where in the National Archives can you view a copy of the Magna Carta?
A: main chamber

Q: who is Lewis Carroll's youngest brother?
A: Reverend Edwin Heron Dodgson

Q: What former leader of a car manufacturing company attended KU?
A: Alan Mulally

Q: Politicians who were at the end of their political careers were offered what kind of position with companies they were involved with politically?
A: senior management or committee position

Q: *Slověninъ, plural *Slověne, is the Slavic autonym reconstructed in what?
A: Proto-Slavic

Q: The idea of "Carpatho-Ruthenian" nation is supported only by Lemkos residing where?
A: Transcarpathia and abroad

Q: Slavs that remained in the Carpathian basin were assimilated into who?
A: the Magyar or Romanian population

Q: What famous ship left Southampton's port carrying the Pilgrim Fathers?
A: Mayflower

Q: To what political party does Caroline Nokes belong?
A: Conservative

Q: What utility company sponsored a carbon emissions survey in 2006?
A: British Gas

Q: In the 2006 study, Southampton was discovered to be one of the lowest carbon emitters out of major cities in what large geographical area?
A: United Kingdom

Q: Southampton's range of industries includes the manufacture of cars and what other transport?
A: aircraft

Q: What race named after a car company used to be hosted in Southampton?
A: the Volvo Ocean Race

Q: Besides Carnival, what other major cruise line parks its record-breaking cruise ships in Southampton Water?
A: Royal Caribbean

Q: In addition to P&O Cruises and Cunard Line, what other brand does Carnival Corporation own?
A: Princess Cruises

Q: In what decade was the ferry port built in Southampton to carry people to exotic destinations on the continent?
A: 1960s

Q: By what year did car ferries finish operating from Southampton, other than the one to the Isle of Wight?
A: 1996

Q: What location that was once filled with passengers, dry docks, and trains is now a holding area for new cars?
A: Eastern Docks

Q: What bus service did the University of Southampton commission to carry people between the city and the university?
A: Uni-link

Q: The Treaty of Locarno guarantees each signatory against what from another signatory?
A: attack

Q: Signing a self-executing treaty automatically does what for a party?
A: puts the treaty and all of its obligations in action

Q: Nations can be careful about terming an agreement a treaty because it has the effect of recognizing that the other side is a what?
A: a sovereign state

Q: What determines whether a breach automatically suspends or terminates treaty relations?
A: how the other parties regard the breach and how they resolve to respond to it

Q: The Islamic Prophet Muhammad carried out a siege against what tribe in February 624?
A: the Banu Qaynuqa tribe

Q: Which of Tito's grandchildren is a cardiologist and writer?
A: Svetlana Broz

Q: In what vehicles did the Marshall Islanders travel by water?
A: canoe

Q: What nation had control of the Carolines?
A: Spain

Q: What was simliar to the english magna cartas habeas corpus?
A: nobility a guarantee against arbitrary arrest

Q: What other career did Virgil consider?
A: rhetoric and law

Q: What was the title of Jean-Baptiste Wicar's artwork inspired by the Aeneid?
A: Virgil Reading the Aeneid

Q: What is an example of a valley carved by glaciers during the ice ages?
A: The Inn valley

Q: Who was the Carthaginian general?
A: Hannibal

Q: When is Carnival celebrated?
A: before Lent

Q: How is furniture traditionally carved?
A: elaborately

Q: How many vehicles use the roads?
A: 6 million

Q: Why are villages considering becoming car free zones?
A: reasons of sustainability

Q: What project used an automated version of the Sanger method in its early stages?
A: the Human Genome Project

Q: How many autonomous sectors does Guinea-Bissau contain?
A: one

Q: What is the grid plan aligned with rather than the cardinal directions?
A: Hudson River

Q: Do most wide streets carry one-way or two-way traffic?
A: two-way

Q: Who takes care of the 132nd Street Community Garden?
A: local residents

Q: Most of the processes of the autonomic nervous system are called what?
A: not under direct voluntary control

Q: What did he become in his later career?
A: a high official in the Ottoman Empire

Q: How many company vehicles did angry protesters overturn at the Zhejiang Jinko Solar Company?
A: eight

Q: Where is the only She autonomous county in China?
A: Lishui

Q: What kind of card will allow a cable-ready TV to display HD content without an external box?
A: CableCARD

Q: In addition to being carbon neutral, what other adjective describes wood that makes it compelling as a renewable energy source?
A: abundant

Q: What essential liquid is the sapwood tasked with carrying around a tree?
A: water

Q: The capability of diffuse-porous woods to carry what substance is spread out in the growth ring?
A: water

Q: What approximate percentage of carbon does wood have?
A: 50%

Q: Instead of rubber, what important part of a car might someday be replaced by components of wood?
A: tire

Q: What other modern material has joined composites, carbon fiber, titanium, and aluminum to replace wood in the manufacture of sporting equipment?
A: fiberglass

Q: Along with textiles, wood carving and pottery, what ancient cultural activity still dominates Somalia today?
A: monumental architecture

Q: Along with wood carving, architecture and pottery, what is a notable Somali artistic tradition?
A: music

Q: What is the name of the headscarf worn by married women?
A: shaash

Q: In what year did the Carolingians take over Neustria?
A: 753

Q: Of what class were most inhabitants of the Carolingian Empire?
A: peasants

Q: About how many counts existed in the Carolingian Empire?
A: 300

Q: In what settlements did most inhabitants of the Carolingian Empire live?
A: small farms

Q: Along with the British Isles, with what land did the Carolingians trade?
A: Scandinavia

Q: What type of architecture did the Carolingian Empire bring back into use?
A: the basilica

Q: Along with carved ivories, what religious works of the Early Middle Ages were common?
A: illuminated manuscripts

Q: The importance of what military arm increased during the Carolingian era?
A: heavy cavalry

Q: Along with gardening, animal husbandry and child-care, what work did medieval peasant women do?
A: taking care of the household

Q: When did Robert Guiscard die?
A: 1085

Q: What kingdom grew out of the duchy founded by Robert Guiscard?
A: Kingdom of Sicily

Q: What were many pieces of secular art carved from in this period?
A: ivory

Q: In what year was the Malleus Maleficarum published?
A: 1486

Q: What was the Malleus Maleficarum?
A: handbook for witch-hunters

Q: Who carved the Pulpit in Sant'Andrea?
A: Giovanni Pisano

Q: Along with being carved, how were altarpieces often decorated in this period?
A: Painted

Q: Along with autopsies, what is it erroneously believed that the medieval Church forbade?
A: dissections

Q: Who founded autosegmental phonology?
A: John Goldsmith

Q: What did Autosegmental phonology morph into?
A: feature geometry

Q: What was the first automatic, digital, programmable computer created by Konrad Zuse?
A: the Z3

Q: Where does Dr. Carlos Moore work?
A: Brazil's University of the State of Bahia

Q: What percentage of the population was "Black Caribbean"?
A: 1%

Q: How many were shipped to South America and the Caribbean?
A: 11.5 million

Q: How many slaves were imported by the British Caribbean?
A: 2.76 million

Q: What year did the initial incarnation of The Times start?
A: 1785

Q: The Supreme Court restricted registration of some vehicles with engines of 2000 cc and over until what date?
A: March 31, 2016

Q: Which transportation vehicles were banned from entering New Delhi?
A: vehicles that are more than 10 years old

Q: What city has the highest number of registered cars of any city in India?
A: New Delhi

Q: What type of vehicle transport system is owned by the Delhi Transport Corporation?
A: Buses

Q: How are orientation behavior studies traditionally carried out?
A: the Emlen funnel

Q: What is carefully defined in the standard?
A: Decoding

Q: What does the standard ReplayGain allow a player to automatically adjust?
A: the overall playback volume

Q: what label launched the careers of burrell?
A: Nu Groove Records

Q: Who developed the Carolingian minuscule script for handwriting?
A: Alcuin

Q: Carolingian minuscule script quickly spread across which continent?
A: Europe

Q: To which Secretary did Carothers write?
A: Secretary William Jennings Bryan

Q: Carranza met with his opposition at a meeting called what?
A: Convention of Aguascalientes

Q: The convention deposed Carranza in favor of whom?
A: Eulalio Gutiérrez

Q: Who was incarcerated while running against Diaz?
A: Madero

Q: Carranza threatened war with what country in order to maintain credibility nationally?
A: United States

Q: The last census in Mexico that asked for race was carried out in which year?
A: 1921

Q: Is a temporal delay necessary to produce an autocorrelation model of pitch perception?
A: unnecessary

Q: What form of car parade is held in Houston?
A: Art Car Parade

Q: Where in Houston is the world's largest grouping of healthcare institutions?
A: Texas Medical Center

Q: How does MD Anderson Cancer Center rank in US hospitals dealing with cancer care?
A: one of the top two

Q: What is the third largest acute care center in the U.S.?
A: Triumph Healthcare

Q: Where is the Triumph Healthcare hospital headquartered?
A: Houston

Q: What are compounds that have a carbon-copper bond called?
A: organocopper compounds

Q: What conditions effect the mixture of carbonate and sulfate in copper?
A: environmental

Q: What protein carries the majority of copper in blood?
A: Ceruloplasmin

Q: What does a researcher have to identify to carry out empirical research?
A: an appropriate analytical tool

Q: In cars with built-in voice recognition features, what can the onboard microphones be used for?
A: eavesdropping

Q: Assuming access has been gained to the car's internal controller area network, what is it possible to do?
A: disable the brakes and turn the steering wheel

Q: Who has used programs such as Carnivore and NarusInsight to eavesdrop on the systems of internet service providers?
A: the FBI and NSA

Q: How many credit card numbers were stole from Home Depot in 2014?
A: between 53 and 56 million

Q: What does NCAZ take care of?
A: national security aspects

Q: what part of their body do married women cover with a scarf?
A: hair

Q: What do plants use to convert inorganic molecules into carbohydrates, fats, proteins and other biomolecules?
A: light

Q: When an animal eats plants or another animal that has eaten plants, what happens to the reduced carbon compounds in the food?
A: become a source of energy and building materials for the animal

Q: What happens with the reduced carbon compounds in the food are broken down releasing stored solar energy?
A: giving the animal the energy required for motion

Q: What do you call the length of time that foam is on top of beer because of carbonation?
A: head retention

Q: What brewing process naturally carbonates beer?
A: fermentation

Q: What was a Carolingian Abbot credited for adding to beer in 822?
A: hops

Q: Other than the British Virgin Islands, what other area in the Caribbean uses the dollar as it's sole currency?
A: Turks and Caicos islands

Q: What is the term that represents a unit trust vehicle that allows endowments to be invested to produce returns for the lon term?
A: Unitised Scheme

Q: Which famous automobile designer is considered a non - academic alumni?
A: Nicholas Tombazis

Q: Where can you find carpets and objects from the orient?
A: Oriental Carpet Museum

Q: What was the nationality of Carl Lange?
A: Danish

Q: Who developed a situated perspective on emotion along with Andrea Scarantino?
A: Paul E. Griffiths

Q: Along with infant and animal emotion, what did Scarantino and Griffiths believe the situated perspective could help to explain?
A: phobias

Q: Along with Descartes, Machiavelli and Hume, what notable philosopher developed a theory of emotions?
A: Baruch Spinoza

Q: What profession studies the role of emotions in providing holistic health care?
A: Nursing

Q: When did Espanyol  offer a counter-petition against autonomy?
A: 1918

Q: How many caretaker managers have their been in the Everton FC's history?
A: four

Q: What type of carrier is the largest?
A: fleet carrier

Q: What capability does a fleet carrier offer?
A: offensive

Q: What purpose were excort carriers developed for?
A: to provide defense for convoys of ships

Q: What were most escort carriers built from?
A: mercantile hulls

Q: What are the soviet aircraft carriers used by Russia actually called?
A: heavy aviation cruisers

Q: What type of aircraft carrier was the USS Bogue?
A: Escort

Q: What advantage did light carriers have over escort carriers?
A: speed

Q: What was the expected serice life of the UK 1942 Design Light Fleet Carrier?
A: 3 years

Q: Who did the UK 1941 Design Light Fleet Carriers serve during the war?
A: Royal Navy

Q: When did Russia's United Shipbuilding Corporation expect to begin design work for a new carrier?
A: 2016

Q: What year was the goal for Russia's new carrier to achieve initial operational capability?
A: 2023

Q: Where was the Northern Fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed?
A: Murmansk

Q: Where was the Pacific Fleets nuclear-powered aircraft carrier supposed to be stationed?
A: Vladivostok

Q: What design feature do aircraft carriers feature to aid in launching and recovering aircraft?
A: flat-top flight deck

Q: Where are the most notable differences between a carrier and a land runway found?
A: The flight deck

Q: When did conventional carriers start recovering aircraft at an angle to port of the axial line of the ship?
A: early 1950s

Q: Where are ski-jump ramps located on aircraft carriers?
A: the forward end of the flight deck

Q: What type of flight decks are aircraft carriers equipped with?
A: full-length

Q: What purpose do aircraft carriers serve for aircraft?
A: carrying, arming, deploying, and recovering

Q: What have the old converted cruiser aircraft carriers evolved into?
A: nuclear-powered warships

Q: What do aircraft carriers allow naval forces to accomplish?
A: project air power worldwide without depending on local bases

Q: What was the first carrier-launched airstrike?
A: the Tondern Raid in July 1918

Q: When did aircraft carriers begin being know as the capital ship of the fleet?
A: World War II

Q: What type of carrier is capable of displacing 75,000 tonnes or greater?
A: Supercarriers

Q: Which ships are used for carrying and landing Marines?
A: Amphibious assault ships

Q: What do Amphibious assalut ships need a large contingent of for carrying Marines?
A: helicopters

Q: What is the British Navy constructing to replace their three Invincible-class carriers?
A: two new larger STOVL aircraft carriers, the Queen Elizabeth class

Q: Why do the constraints of constructing a flight deck affect the role of a carrier?
A: they influence the weight, type, and configuration of the aircraft that may be launched

Q: Why do almost all carriers using conventional aircraft have arrested-recovery systems?
A: conventional aircraft cannot decelerate on their own

Q: How is the Russian SU-33 able to launch from the carrier Admiral Kuznetsov?
A: with a minimal armament and fuel load

Q: Why did China purchase the STOBAR carrier Liaoning in 1998?
A: on the pretext of use as a floating casino

Q: Who started construction of a 40,000-tonne Vikrant-class carrier in 2009?
A: India

Q: What will the range of the Indian-made ship be, carrying 160 officers, 1400 sailers, and 30 aircraft?
A: 8,000 nautical miles

Q: What were carriers used for in the early 20th century?
A: to deploy balloons

Q: As of 3/3/2016, how many active aircraft carriers are there worldwide?
A: thirty-seven

Q: What is another name for the 10 large nuclear-powered carriers operated by the U.S. Navy?
A: supercarriers

Q: How many aircraft can supercarriers carry?
A: up to 90

Q: Who owns the largest carriers in the world?
A: The United States Navy

Q: What is the definition of an "aircraft carrier"?
A: There is no single definition

Q: How may aircraft carriers be classified?
A: according to the type of aircraft they carry and their operational assignments

Q: Who said, "countries that aspire to strategic international influence have aircraft carriers"?
A: Admiral Sir Mark Stanhope

Q: What drove the advent of carrier-launched aircraft as focal weapons?
A: the superior range, flexibility and effectiveness

Q: Why were carrier-launched aircraft more effective than naval guns?
A: They had higher range and precision

Q: What event showed the vulnerability of carriers when forced into gun-range enounters?
A: the sinking of HMS Glorious by German battleships

Q: What was the world's first carrier capable of launching and recovering naval aircraft?
A: HMS Argus

Q: What caused early aircraft carriers to be made up of conversions of ships that were previously cargo ships, cruisers or battlecruisers?
A: Washington Naval Treaty of 1922

Q: What type of aircraft carriers did these ship conversions give rise to in 1927?
A: Lexington-class

Q: How many in-service aircraft carriers are aimed for with EMALS?
A: three

Q: How many troops can Japan's largest military ship carry?
A: 400

Q: What will some of the current US fleet of Nimitz-class carriers be replaced with?
A: the ten-ship Gerald R. Ford class

Q: How much does the Gerald R. Ford-class carrier weigh?
A: 100,000 ton

Q: Other than Japanese carriers, which side of the flight deck are islands typically built on?
A: starboard

Q: What is the name of the 42,000 tonne nuclear-powered carrier commissioned in 2001?
A: Charles de Gaulle

Q: What type of missiles does the Charles de Gaulle carry?
A: Aster

Q: What type of carrier is the Charles de Gaulle?
A: CATOBAR

Q: How many new carriers per year did the House Armed Services Seapower subcommittee recommend in 7/24/07?
A: one every four years

Q: How many supercarriers did the U.S. fleet have following the deactivation of the USS Enterprise?
A: 10

Q: Which other carrier joins the USS America in active service?
A: USS Tripoli

Q: Why have aircraft carriers increased in size since World War II?
A: to accommodate a steady increase in aircraft size

Q: Why do nations risk significant political impacts if a carrier is lost or even used in conflict?
A: Today's aircraft carriers are so expensive

Q: What do Russian carriers include for launching lightly loaded conventional fighters?
A: a ski-jump ramp

Q: What do Russian carriers still use to recover?
A: traditional carrier arresting cables and a tailhook on their aircraft

Q: What class carrier is the Sao Paulo?
A: Clemenceau

Q: What type of carrier is Admiral Flota Sovetskovo Soyuza Kuznetsov?
A: STOBAR

Q: Which class of aircraft carriers is being constructed to replace the Invincible-class carriers?
A: Queen Elizabeth

Q: When did the agency acheive a semi-automated air traffic control system?
A: mid-1970s

Q: Who began their musical career as organist of Salford Cathedral?
A: Leslie Stuart

Q: What was the Carnian Pluvial event?
A: increased rainfall

Q: Prepaid cards for Microsoft Points are available in what denominations?
A: 1,600 and 4,000

Q: What carries the backbeat in hard rock drumming?
A: snare

Q: Along with aircraft, what object can be used to carry a telescope aloft?
A: balloon

Q: In which event did the rainforests collapsed in the carboniferous?
A: the Permian-Triassic extinction event

Q: What happened in the Carboniferous?
A: rainforest collapse led to a great loss of plant and animal life.

Q: What casued the automatic paper tape reader to stop?
A: a Control-S

Q: What caused the automatic paper tape reader to start again?
A: Control-Q

Q: Where does the name "Carriage Return" come from?
A: on a manual typewriter the carriage holding the paper moved while the position where the typebars struck the ribbon remained stationary

Q: What side does the carriage have to be pushed to when starting a new line?
A: right

Q: What used carriage return(CR) alone as a line terminator?
A: Macintosh OS, Apple DOS, and ProDOS

Q: What do bacteria use as carbon and energy sources?
A: opines

Q: What did Carnivore monitor?
A: email and electronic communications

Q: What was Carnivore renamed to?
A: DCS1000

Q: When did the FBI abandon Carnivore?
A: 2001

Q: What kind of software replaced Carnivore?
A: commercially available

Q: What questionaire has been used to measure the age in which adolescents should be able to engage in autonomous behaviors?
A: teen timetable

Q: Do White or Asian parents tend to expect autonomy earlier than the other?
A: White

Q: What are the three main types of autonomy?
A: emotional independence, behavioral autonomy, and cognitive autonomy

Q: How is behavioral autonomy defined?
A: encompasses an adolescent's developing ability to regulate his or her own behavior, to act on personal decisions, and to self-govern

Q: Adolescent cultural differences are especially visible in which type of autonomy?
A: Behavioral

Q: How is cognitive autonomy defined?
A: the capacity for an adolescent to partake in processes of independent reasoning and decision-making without excessive reliance on social validation

Q: Is an adolescent's mental health at its best when their feelings of autonomy match closely with their parents or when they are at odds?
A: match closely

Q: Does adolescent participation in family work and routines have a positive or negative influence on feelings of self-worth, care, and concern for others?
A: positive

Q: When was the census of sea life carried out in Antarctica?
A: International Polar Year

Q: When did explorer Carl Anton Larsen become a British citizen?
A: 1910

Q: Which prophet cared for Mary?
A: Zakariya

Q: What is Australia's busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo?
A: the Port of Melbourne

Q: Which port in Melborne is the busiest seaport for containerised and general cargo?
A: Port of Melbourne

Q: In what year did Melbourne set a target to reduce carbon emissions to net zero?
A: 2002

Q: Which city notably opted not to become carbon neutral in 2009?
A: City of Glen Eira

Q: By what year did Melbourne state it wished to be completely carbon neutral?
A: 2020

Q: Does Melbourne have one of the largest or smallest carbon footprints in the world?
A: largest

Q: Which year marked the start of the private automobile's popularity increase?
A: 1945

Q: Where are Peter Carey, Germaine Greer, and Thomas Browne from?
A: Melbourne

Q: What occupation to Peter Carey, Germaine Greer, and Thomas Browne hold?
A: writers and poets

Q: Melbourne is home to a research and development hub for which auto manufacturer?
A: Ford Australia

Q: The widening of what street helped to change the face of Melbourne into a car-dominated environment?
A: Hoddle Street

Q: Did the 1969 Melbourne Transportation Plan change Melbourne into a more car-dominated or tram-dominated environment?
A: car-dominated

Q: Did the rapid rise of motor vehicle ownership and highway developments lead to an increasing or declining inner city population?
A: declining

Q: Which port is Australia's largest container and general cargo port?
A: The Port of Melbourne

Q: Does Melbourne have a high or low dependency on the automobile?
A: high

Q: How many private vehicles travel Melbourne's 13,870 miles of road?
A: 3.6 million

Q: How many people did Carlton have per km2 between 2012 and 2013?
A: 9,000

Q: When was the Magna Carta peace treaty agreed upon?
A: 1215

Q: What led to the sealing of the Magna Carta?
A: baronial revolt

Q: What did Apple's HyerCard and MultiFinder add to the Macintosh?
A: cooperative multitasking

Q: Who designed the 40 mm autocannon?
A: Bofors of Sweden

Q: Carrier battle groups can launch what to intercept incoming threats?
A: fighter jets

Q: In the 1920s, which company developed the automatic 20 mm?
A: Rheinmetall

Q: Which Switzerland company obtained the patent for an automatic 20 mm gun during the first World War?
A: Oerlikon

Q: What was the name of the mechanical computer that used automation?
A: the Kerrison Predictor

Q: Air defence in such places as a carrier group are built around what?
A: a system of concentric layers

Q: The next layer's surface-to-air missiles are carried by what?
A: the carrier's escorts

Q: What acquired and automatically tracked incoming targets?
A: SCR-584 radar

Q: What is another name for the Circuit Recardo Tormo?
A: Circuit de Valencia

Q: What semi-automatic sniper do Snipers use?
A: M110

Q: How many MRAP vehicles has the Pentagon bought since 2007?
A: 25,000

Q: How many of the vehicles will be used for training?
A: 1,073

Q: How many of the 25,000 vehicles do they plan on getting rid of?
A: 7,456

Q: The Army will be keeping 5,681 of what vehicle?
A: Oshkosh M-ATV

Q: What does SECARMY stand for?
A: Secretary of the Army

Q: If the officers want to advance their careers even further, where is that available?
A: Army Correspondence Course Program

Q: Which part of Eritrea's health care goals have they been most successful in?
A: child health

Q: What are P roads, those that carry traffic between all major towns in Eritrea?
A: fully asphalted (throughout their entire length)

Q: How is depleted uranium used in missile re-entry vehicles?
A: ballast

Q: In what medium does the Pourbaix diagram change when carbonate anions interact with uranium(VI)?
A: carbonate containing solution

Q: What notable carbonates are often water soluble?
A: uranium

Q: What does a uranium(VI) cation form when it binds to two terminal oxides and three or more carbonates?
A: anionic complexes

Q: Along with uranium carbide and halide, what type of compound is often created with uranium hydride?
A: nitride

Q: Along with uranium monocarbide and uranium dicarbide, what is a notable carbide of uranium?
A: diuranium tricarbide

Q: What does not carry any decoration or insignia that can be worn on the person?
A: Padma Vibhushan, Padma Bhushan and Padma Shri

Q: In what year was Descartes' Discourse on Method published?
A: 1637

Q: What increased society's autonomy, self-awareness, and need for exchange of information?
A: Capitalism

Q: Who discovered carbon dioxide or fixed air?
A: chemist Joseph Black

Q: For which masterpiece did Cesare Beccaria become famous?
A: Crimes and Punishments (1764)

Q: Into how many languages was Cesare Beccaria's Crimes and Punishments (1764) translated?
A: 22

Q: When did the decolonization of Africa and the Caribbean accelerate?
A: 1960s and 1970s

Q: What computer model did Dell ask Officeworks to carry?
A: Inspiron

Q: What company bought the North Carolina plant from Dell?
A: Herbalife

Q: Which cartridges were shaped slightly differently?
A: Japanese (Famicom)

Q: Who released cartridges in mainland Europe?
A: Nintendo

Q: What was compatible with Famicom cartridges and FDS systems?
A: Twin Famicom

Q: The Zelda games were manufactured in what color cartridge?
A: gold

Q: What is the standard color of all other cartridges?
A: gray

Q: What color were cartridges produced by Nintendo for internal use?
A: yellow

Q: As cartridges couldn't be returned to Nintendo, the developers took on the entirety of what?
A: risk

Q: The force of pushing in the cartridge did what to the device over eventual use?
A: bent the contact pins slightly

Q: What material comprised the game cartridge connectors?
A: copper

Q: Following the Carolingian unification, the term Ashkenazi came to refer to the Jews of what two places?
A: medieval Germany and France

Q: In the story told by mystic Rabbi Elijah of Chelm, one of the German's family members rescued Jews in Palestine and carried them back to where in order to repay a previous favor?
A: Worms

Q: The genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by Behar et al. examined the genetic relationships among which Jewish groups?
A: all major Jewish groups

Q: The genome-wide genetic study carried out in 2010 by Behar et al. examined the genetic relationship between Jewish groups and what other population?
A: non-Jewish ethnic populations

Q: Autosomal DNA is what?
A: a mixture from an individual's entire ancestry

Q: How many geneticists carried out the 2013 trans-genome study?
A: 30 geneticists

Q: In a 2006 study, how many autosomal SNPs were used?
A: five thousand

Q: What conflict shaped his career?
A: Conflict with Arius and Arianism

Q: The use of what caused the end of the use of streetcars in 1941?
A: trolleybus

Q: In what year were the first streetcars used in Seattle?
A: 1889

Q: Bob was in a car accident and couldn't remember his wifes name, what part of his brain could have been damaged?
A: hippocampus

Q: What happens to a person whose autobiographic memory is damaged?
A: that they cannot forget small details that otherwise would not be stored

Q: Who is responsible for the Census Bureau discarding the mulatto category?
A: Southern-dominated Congress

Q: What documentary features a white man in North Carolina?
A: Colored White Boy

Q: What was one of the causes of the health-care fraud case?
A: illegal promotion of prescription drugs

Q: How much was the largest healthcare fraud case in the US settled for?
A: $3 billion

Q: In what year were Medicaid and Medicare required to disclose information about their relationships with doctors and hospitals?
A: 2013

Q: Where can financial relationships between Medicaid, Medicare and pharmaceutical companies be found?
A: Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services website

Q: What are some of the schemes used to defraud the health care system?
A: Good Manufacturing Practice (GMP) Violations, Off Label Marketing, Best Price Fraud, CME Fraud, Medicaid Price Reporting, and Manufactured Compound Drugs.

Q: What groups carry out most early drug discoveries?
A: research institutions

Q: What companies have been involved with health care fraud cases?
A: Bristol-Myers Squibb, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, AstraZeneca and Johnson & Johnson

Q: Did major healthcare organizations support or discourage interactions between doctors and industries?
A: encouraged greater interactions

Q: Along what highway did Umar bin Abdul-Aziz build caravanserais?
A: Khurasan

Q: What disgruntled poet shot at Victoria's carriage on March 2, 1882?
A: Roderick Maclean

Q: Where did Victoria and her family go to for safety during the revolutionary scare of April 1848?
A: Osborne House, a private estate on the Isle of Wight

Q: How many of Victorias daughters were carriers of the blood clotting disease that Leopold had?
A: two

Q: What is the sex of carriers that always suffer the blood clotting disease haemophi;ia B?
A: male

Q: Which two of Victoria's daughters also were carriers for the blood clotting disorder?
A: Alice and Beatrice

Q: What disease affected Leopold and was carried by two of Victoria's daughters?
A: haemophilia B

Q: Which of Victoria's daughters were carriers of haemophilia?
A: Alice and Beatrice

Q: Who fired a shot at Queen Victoria's carriage in 1849?
A: William Hamilton

Q: When did William Hamilton fire a powder charge at Victoria's carriage?
A: 1849

Q: Who attempted to assasinate Victoria while she was riding in a carriage?
A: Edward Oxford

Q: Who was riding in the carriage with Victoria when Oxford attempted to assasinate her?
A: Prince Albert

Q: What investor bought Iscar?
A: Warren Buffett

Q: How much cargo do railways transport per year?
A: 6.8 million tons

Q: When did Philip form and alliance with Hannibal of Carthage?
A: 215 BC

Q: Carthage was on the coast of what country?
A: Tunisia

Q: What Hellenistic practices heavily influenced Carthaginian culture?
A: military

Q: Who reformed the military in Carthage in 550 BCE?
A: Mago I of Carthage

Q: What Greek style was the core of Carthage's military?
A: phalanx

Q: What Spartan mercenary helped reform Carthage's military?
A: Xanthippus of Carthage

Q: Rome fought against the Carthaginians in what war?
A: First Punic War

Q: Ney had told Louis XVIII that he would carry Napoleon to Paris in what kind of container?
A: an iron cage

Q: At what location did the hearse carrying Napoleon's remains begin its procession?
A: the Arc de Triomphe

Q: A 2008 study supporting the original autopsy findings related to Napoleon's death analyzed samples of what substance taken from Napoleon and his family?
A: hair

Q: What did Napoleon do at cards, though he repaid losses?
A: cheated

Q: What grade was given to Northwestern on the 2010 College Sustainability Report Card  by The Sustainable Endowments Institute?
A: B-

Q: What did an autopsy reveal was in Rashidi Wheeler's system after he died during a practice?
A: ephedrine

Q: What year was the first railway line of the company Ferrocarril Central del Uruguay inaugurated?
A: 1869

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's population?
A: 1,325,968 persons

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Uruguay's population?
A: 3,241,003

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's female population?
A: 707,697

Q: According to the census survey carried out between 15 June and 31 July 2004, what was Montevideo's male population?
A: 618,271

Q: Rimer Cardillo was one of the country's leading what?
A: artists

Q: What is the annual Montevideo Carnaval part of?
A: the national festival of Carnival Week

Q: What does Iglesia Punta Carretas mean?
A: Punta Carretas Church

Q: Between what years was the Iglesia Punta Carretas built?
A: between 1917 and 1927

Q: What stle was the Iglesia Punta Carretas built in?
A: Romanesque Revival style

Q: When was the Golf Club of Punta Carretas founded?
A: 1894

Q: Before industrialization how were chickens normally cared for?
A: birds would have been kept extensively in small flocks, foraging during the day and housed at night.

Q: Islands in the Caribbean that include Dutch as an official language include Curaçao, Sint Maarten, and what other place?
A: Aruba

Q: If a West Fleming speaker were being extra careful to avoid the silent "h," they might over-correct into what sound?
A: g-sound

Q: Who developed a heat-treating method that allowed carbon filaments to be molded into shapes?
A: Lewis Latimer

Q: When did Latimer patent his "Process of Manufacturing Carbons"?
A: 17 January 1882

Q: What was the primary problem with early carbon filaments?
A: as they got hotter, their electrical resistance decreased

Q: What is the typical base type for automotive lamps?
A: Bayonet base lamps

Q: When did light bulb manufacturers establish a cartel to limit bulb life?
A: 1924

Q: When did authorities break up the light bulb cartel?
A: 1953

Q: What was the artificially low limit on bulb life placed by the cartel?
A: 1000 hours

Q: What is an article that is carried rather than worn that isn't regarded as clothing?
A: purses

Q: Who donates discard Western clothing to people in poor places?
A: charity organizations

Q: Who was the first player in history credited with collecting 3,000 career hits?
A: Anson

Q: What had the contest between the Cubs and the St. Louis Cardinals been dubbed as?
A: The Sandberg Game

Q: How many game-tying home runs did Sandberg get against the Cardinals at the Sandber Game?
A: two

Q: How long was Harry Caray's tenure  with the Cubs?
A: 17-year

Q: How did Caray become a well-known Chicago figure?
A: by broadcasting White Sox games for a decade

Q: How long had Caray been a St Louis Cardinals icon?
A: 25 years

Q: Who did Caray often playfully quarrel with?
A: Stone

Q: Why did Caray often playfully quarrel with Stone?
A: over Stone's cigar

Q: What does the crowd sing during the 7th inning to honor Caray's memory?
A: Take me out to the ballgame

Q: What did Harry Caray dub Wickers?
A: "Leather Lungs

Q: When was Harry Caray's final performance of "Take Me Out to the Ball Game"?
A: September 21, 1997

Q: Where did North Korea predict that MacArthur would enter Korea?
A: Incheon

Q: Why did General MacArthur suggest an amphibious landing at Inchon?
A: To relieve the Pusan Perimeter

Q: Who did General MacArthur ask to plan the amphibious attack?
A: Major General Hobart R. Gay

Q: Who initially opposed General MacArthur's landing plan?
A: the Pentagon

Q: Who sent a message to MacArthur giving him the authority to proceed past the 38th parallel?
A: Defense Secretary George Marshall

Q: Where did President Truman and General MacArthur meet on October 15, 1950?
A: Wake Island

Q: Who did not have faith in MacArthur's claim that victory was the only respectable outcome?
A: Truman

Q: What mistake did MacArthur make regarding the 38th parallel?
A: the Chinese would not enter the war

Q: Who was appointed Supreme Commander in Korea after the removal of General MacArthur?
A: General Ridgway

Q: What types of vehicles were the Fennica and Nordica?
A: multipurpose icebreakers

Q: What did Cara Cusumano say about piracy in 2014 that people want?
A: immediacy

Q: What had the festival done for the past three years when the statement by Cara Cusumano was made?
A: used the Internet to present its content

Q: What is the one autonomous area in Greece?
A: Mount Athos

Q: What kind of health care exists in Greece?
A: universal health care

Q: Where does Greece's health care system rank out of 191 countries surveyed?
A: 14th

Q: What was the name of extinction level event that ended the dominance of the carnivores among therapsids?
A: Permian–Triassic

Q: During which time period did archosaurs begin to take over as the dominant carnivore?
A: Triassic

Q: During the Jurassic period which group came out as the most dominate for both carnivores and herbivores?
A: dinosaurs

Q: What was the total value of cargo on the Ganj-i-Sawai?
A: £325,000 and £600,000

Q: What are the usual reasons for an automatic disqualification?
A: low blows, weapon usage, interference, or assaulting the referee

Q: What is the name of one wrestler who acts like a cartoonish character?
A: Doink the Clown

Q: What can be important in a wrestler's career?
A: championship accomplishments

Q: What are some other career paths wrestlers embarked on?
A: music, acting, writing, business, politics or public speaking

Q: With what standard is the automatic exposure control system calibrated?
A: ISO 2721

Q: Who carried the castle?
A: the 4th Division

Q: Carbon Monoxide levels are about 3 times lower now than in what year?
A: 1992

Q: How many days a week does the city encourage people to go without a car?
A: two days

Q: How often do citizens need to get their cars examined?
A: biannual

Q: When was the autonomy of the municipalities eliminated?
A: 1928

Q: What gave the Federal District more autonomy?
A: first Statute of Government

Q: What do new cars in Mexico need to have?
A: catalytic converter

Q: How do people know which days to not drive their car?
A: ending digit of their license plates

Q: How many cars were still restricted in 2003?
A: 40%

Q: How can cars get exempt from the restrictions?
A: pass regular emissions tests

Q: Where does most of the artwork produced as the Academia de San Carlos get featured?
A: Museo Nacional de San Carlos

Q: The San Carlos Museum has art from who, among others?
A: Rembrandt, Velázquez, Murillo, and Rubens

Q: What type of art is shown in The Museo Carrillo Gil?
A: avant-garde

Q: In 1836, who invented the automatic revolver in Eli Whitney's gun manufacturing plant?
A: Samuel Colt

Q: In what year was the first automatic revolver invented?
A: 1836

Q: What percentage of New Haven's economy is based in services grounded in health care and education?
A: 56%

Q: At what cross streets, marking the center of the Hospital Green of Yale - New Haven Hospital, do food carts congregate on weekdays?
A: Cedar and York streets

Q: How many lunch carts are there in Yale's Campus during lunchtime?
A: over 150

Q: In what year was New Haven's Lighthouse Point carousel constructed?
A: 1916

Q: What decade ushered in the operation of horse-drawn carriages in New Haven?
A: the 1860s

Q: In addition to ground service, what other function is available at the Port of New Haven for offloading truck cargo?
A: loading docks

Q: How many transport vehicle can the harbor actually hold?
A: 200

Q: What hospital in New Haven provides notable cardiac emergency care?
A: Hospital of Saint Raphael

Q: What annual event at BYU is carried out in memory of former president Rex E. Lee, who built the Museum of Art on campus?
A: cancer fundraiser called the Rex Lee Run

Q: What parts of the sometimes "too nice" BYU culture is often caricatured?
A: marrying early and being very conservative

Q: What is a tell tale sign of someone experiencing a cardiac chest pain?
A: clenching their fists over their sternum

Q: Who has objected to the idea of IP because "property" implies scarcity?
A: Stephan Kinsella

Q: Having no natural scarcity makes IP different from what kind of property?
A: tangible

Q: Where does the Auto train originate
A: Auto Train, which originates at Lorton, Virginia, south of Washington, D.C

Q: What band named after a floating vehicle influenced Queen?
A: Led Zeppelin

Q: How is theology carried out in a confessional church?
A: by the community as a whole

Q: In what year was the Church of Scotland recognized as a Presbyterian institution by the moncarh?
A: 1688

Q: Most of the churches in Korea carry the same name, what is it?
A: Presbyterian Church of Korea

Q: How is most of Thuringia's clean gas consumption carried out?
A: carried out as Cogeneration in the municipal power stations

Q: Give an example of a predator that specializes in eating autotrophic species
A: zooplankton

Q: If scavengers' food becomes scarce, they may turn to what type of diet?
A: herbivorous

Q: What are organisms called that show carnivory and herbivory?
A: omnivores

Q: Why would carnivourous plants be difficult to classify into a food pyramid?
A: producing their own food but also digesting anything that they may trap

Q: What is the name of the character created by Carl Burgos?
A: the Human Torch

Q: What cartoon humorist did some high profile stories for Marvel in the early years?
A: Basil Wolverton

Q: What was Dan DeCarlo's spooky but humorous comic aimed at kids called?
A: Homer the Happy Ghost

Q: DeCarlo also penned a knock-off of what teen comic superstar?
A: Archie Andrews

Q: What was the name of DeCarlo's main character in his humorous teen series?
A: Homer Hooper

Q: In what year did Marvel introduce trading cards based on their characters?
A: 1990

Q: What trading card company did Marvel team up with to license these trading cards?
A: SkyBox International

Q: Which company had monopoly of the trade to supply slaves to the British colonies of the Caribbean?
A: Royal African Company

Q: Where were the Carnatic Wars?
A: British Indian Army

Q: When was the status of Dominions as equal autonomous communities given legal force?
A: 1931

Q: Many people of which ethnicity moved to Malaysia, Singapore and the Caribbean?
A: Chinese

Q: What are roots used for in beets and carrots?
A: to store food

Q: Who is known for maintaining her autonomy and reinventing her image in the music industry?
A: Madonna

Q: When did Madonna's relationship with Carlos Leon ended?
A: May 1997

Q: When did Madonna premiered her MDNA skincare line?
A: February 2014

Q: Madonna used which TV company to help with her career?
A: MTV

Q: Madonna used what to benefit her career?
A: sexual imagery

Q: Who wrote that Madonna is an almost scared feminist icon?
A: Professor Sut Jhally

Q: Madonna generated how much in sales in the first 10 years of her career?
A: $1.2 billion in

Q: How much cargo does the Port of London handle annually?
A: 45 million tonnes

Q: When did the single cable car operating in London begin service?
A: June 2012

Q: Who is the current sponsor of London's cable car operation?
A: the airline Emirates

Q: What was the approximate cost to build the Emirates Airline Cable Car?
A: £60

Q: Roughly how many passengers travel daily on London's cable car?
A: 3,500

Q: Automobile transportation is primarily used in what areas of London?
A: the suburbs

Q: What is the daily cost for most drivers to operate their cars within a given zone in the center of London?
A: £10

Q: By what percentage did the congestion charge decrease the amount of cars traveling through the center of London?
A: 35-per-cent

Q: Regulations normally carry the force of what?
A: law

Q: Regualtions carry force of law when based on reasonable interpretation of what?
A: relevant statutes

Q: What can result in incarceration?
A: crimes

Q: What are the best routes for career achievement in Burma ?
A: join the army or get government jobs, the main route to success in the country.

Q: Who developed the first commercial broadcast automation audio compression system?
A: Oscar Bonello

Q: What did a picture of Scargill have him appear to be doing?
A: giving a Nazi salute

Q: How did attention from the story impact Starr's career?
A: the attention helped to revive his career

Q: What was the name of Starr's autobiography?
A: Unwrapped

Q: In which newspaper did Lisa O'Carroll report the choice of judge?
A: The Guardian

Q: The Philippines stopped celebrating Carnival after what year?
A: 1939

Q: What is the Carnival celebration known as in Lutheran countries?
A: Fastelavn

Q: When does Carnival typically begin in the Netherlands?
A: on 11/11

Q: The term Carnival is very common in areas with a large presence of which religious sect?
A: Catholic

Q: What country no longer celebrates Carnival?
A: the Philippines

Q: The Manila Carnival was dissolved after what year?
A: 1939

Q: What is the Carnival known as in countries which are mostly Lutheran?
A: Fastelavn

Q: A carnival feast is the last time to do what before winter?
A: eat well

Q: Why was the carnival feast typically the last opportunity to eat well?
A: food shortage at the end of the winter

Q: How was the ship carrying a predominant deity moved around during the jubilee?
A: on wheels

Q: Who is the Carnival open to?
A: public

Q: What do participants of the Carnival experience a heightened sense of?
A: social unity

Q: When is the car used in the ritual purified?
A: Afterwards

Q: Carnival was also a result of what area's folk culture?
A: European

Q: Many Carnival traditions form an integral part of whose calendar?
A: Christian

Q: What two ancient Roman festivals is Carnival thought to stem from?
A: Saturnalia and Bacchanalia

Q: What is insufficient to establish a direct origin from ancient festivals to Carnival?
A: evidence

Q: How do both Jesus and King Carnival make a gift to the people?
A: with their deaths

Q: What is the gift of King Carnival?
A: acknowledgement that death is a necessary part of the cycle of life

Q: What city's carnival was the most famous for a long time?
A: Venice

Q: What was the first place in North America with a Carnival tradition?
A: New France

Q: What nationality were the settlers from who introduced Carnival?
A: Portuguese

Q: How many of the inhabited islands is Carnival celebrated on?
A: nine

Q: Over how many days is São Nicolau's Carnival celebrated?
A: three

Q: What is the only state in India in which Carnival is celebrated?
A: Goa

Q: The largest Carnival celebration takes place in which city?
A: Panjim

Q: Whose Carnival is known local as Cwarmê?
A: Malmedy

Q: Despite being located in East Belgium, Malmedy's Carnival harks purely to what area?
A: Latin

Q: What Carnival takes place on Laetare Sunday?
A: the Carnival de la Laetare

Q: Many towns in what region of Croatia observe the Carnival period?
A: Kvarner

Q: What does every Kvarner town burn just before the end of the Carnival?
A: a man-like doll

Q: What is the traditional Carnival food?
A: fritule

Q: How long has Carnival been celebrated?
A: centuries

Q: Under whose rule was Carnival established in the 16th century?
A: Venetian

Q: In what century did the Carnival become an organized event?
A: twentieth

Q: What city almost exclusively celebrates the Carnival?
A: Limassol

Q: How many parades take place during Carnival?
A: Three

Q: Who rides through the city on a carriage?
A: the "Carnival King

Q: Which Carnival is held in Germany's west?
A: The "Rheinische"

Q: Cologne Carnival is one of the largest Carnivals and also is the most what?
A: famous

Q: What is the Greece Carnival also called?
A: the Apokriés

Q: In what provinces is the Carnival mainly celebrated in the Netherlands?
A: southern

Q: Dutch Carnaval is celebrated until which Wednesday?
A: Ash

Q: What vary from town to town in regards to the Carnival?
A: traditions

Q: How long has the Strumica Carnival been going on?
A: since at least 1670

Q: What day is the main Carnival Night observed on?
A: Tuesday

Q: What year was the Festival of Caricatures and Aphorisms added to Strumica's Carnival celebrations?
A: 2000

Q: Which group rides around in open carts through the streets?
A: The Choirs

Q: What city's carnival has documented history from 1790?
A: Vilanova i la Geltrú

Q: What do the Vilanovins mock the media friendly Carnivals as being about?
A: "thighs and feathers"

Q: What do dancers lampoon in the ritual heralding the coming of King Carnival?
A: current events or public figures

Q: Who carries floral arrangements of penis-like veggies?
A: cross-dressing men

Q: What are the clothing of the Carnival groups full of?
A: elegance

Q: What continues in various districts throughout the month of the Carnival?
A: Street parades

Q: What is the Carnival known as in Barbados?
A: Crop Over

Q: What's the name of the vehicle where the musicians play?
A: a Carrosa

Q: What is the goal of the Carnival painters?
A: to paint as many people as you can

Q: What year did the Carnival start in Haiti?
A: 1804

Q: What event precipitated the Carnival starting in Haiti?
A: declaration of independence

Q: What is the Carnival known as in the Creole language?
A: Kanaval

Q: About how many cities and towns in Mexico is Carnival celebrated in?
A: 225

Q: Which borough of New York City is Carnival celebrated in?
A: Brooklyn

Q: What American holiday is Carnival celebrated on?
A: Labor Day

Q: What country has one of the largest Caribbean Carnivals?
A: Trinidad

Q: Over how many people typically attend New York's version of the Carnival?
A: one million

Q: Which Carnival in Argentina is the most representative of the nature of the Carnival?
A: Murga

Q: What city in the east of Entre Rios province is considered the most important one for the Carnival?
A: Gualeguaychú

Q: Where is Carnival celebrated?
A: In all major cities and many towns throughout the country

Q: Which Carnival takes place in Oruro in Bolivia?
A: La Diablada

Q: How much money in US dollars did the Carnival industry make in 2012?
A: 1 billion

Q: Where did the Carnival gestate out of the purview of rules?
A: in small/unimportant towns

Q: The uninterrupted celebration of Carnival festivals in Barranquilla is now recognized as what?
A: one of the Masterpieces of the Oral and Intangible Heritage of Humanity

Q: Who rejected attempts to introduce the Carnival in Bogotá?
A: the government

Q: Where are the most famed Carnival festivities?
A: Guaranda (Bolivar province) and Ambato (Tungurahua province

Q: What music is the Carnival celebrated with in the Chota Valley?
A: bomba del chota

Q: What does the Peruvian Carnival incorporate elements of?
A: violence

Q: What is an element of Peruvian's Carnival not found in any other country's celebrations?
A: sexual assaults on women

Q: How many days does the Carnival in Uruguay last for?
A: more than 40

Q: What are the main attractions of the Uruguayan Carnival?
A: two colorful parades

Q: What do the different Carnival groups perform together?
A: opera

Q: Organochlorine hydrocarbons effect what balance of the nerve fiber?
A: sodium/potassium

Q: Why was the use of organochlorine hydrocarbons ended?
A: because of their persistence and potential to bioaccumulate

Q: Organophospates and carbamates cause which symptoms?
A: weakness or paralysis

Q: What careers put people in danger of being exposed to pesticide poisining?
A: groomers, groundskeepers, and fumigators

Q: What is it called when pesticides are caught in the wind and carried to unintended areas?
A: Pesticide drift

Q: Why are hydrocarbon pesticides not excreted?
A: dissolve in fats

Q: What is the Tauton stop line
A: The Taunton Stop Line was set up to repel a potential German invasion

Q: Tauton Bridgewater and Yeovil has what concentration of the population
A: Over 25% of Somerset's population is concentrated in Taunton, Bridgwater and Yeovil

Q: The annual Carnival is held when and where
A: The annual circuit of West Country Carnivals is held in a variety of Somerset towns during the autumn

Q: What grade did Yale get on their Sustainable Endowments Institute's College Sustainability Report Card 2008?
A: B+

Q: Name some automobile manufacturers in the city of Ann Arbor
A: General Motors and Visteon

Q: Which automobile magazines are based from Ann Arbor?
A: Car and Driver magazine and Automobile Magazine

Q: What year's were Cezannes painting's displayed at Salon d'Automne? Not including the retrospectives.
A: 1905 and 1906

Q: In what year did the New York Times review the Salon d'Automne?
A: October 8, 1911

Q: List the artists who were featured in the Salon d'Automne?
A: André Lhote, Marcel Duchamp, Jacques Villon, Roger de La Fresnaye, André Dunoyer de Segonzac and František Kupka

Q: Towards which social topic did the Cubists  at the Salon d'Automne creat contrevesy towards?
A: the use of government owned buildings,

Q: What were Kupka's two entries at the Salon d'Automne?
A: Amorpha-Fugue à deux couleurs and Amorpha chromatique chaude

Q: What is something on a car that sometimes is made of alloy?
A: automobile wheels

Q: By reducing carbon in liquid pig iron, what was created?
A: steel

Q: What automatic right do Australian citizens and residents have on Norfolk Island after meeting the criteria in Immigration (Amendment No. 2) Act 2012?
A: automatic right of residence

Q: When was 'Thoughts and Details on Scarcity' published?
A: 1800

Q: What type of natural ability helped Montini in his career in the Roman Curia?
A: organisational skills

Q: Who was Montini's mentor that eventually became a Cardinal?
A: Giuseppe Pizzardo

Q: Where did the Pope ask Cardinal Montini to live?
A: Vatican

Q: When did Montini finally become a cardinal?
A: 15 December 1958

Q: What doicese did Montini become cardinal of?
A: Ss. Silvestro e Martino

Q: What country did Montini visit as Cardinal?
A: Africa

Q: In what year did Montini travel to visit Africa as a cardinal?
A: 1962

Q: How many foreign trips did Montini make as Cardinal?
A: fifteen

Q: Where did Montini like to use as a retreat as a cardinal?
A: Engelberg Abbey

Q: What role was Montini not perceived to fill unlike some of his fellow cardinals?
A: reformer

Q: Which cardinal became heavily engaged in the passage of Nostra aetate?
A: Cardinal Augustin Bea

Q: At what age were cardinals restricted by Paul Vi from participating in conclaves?
A: eighty

Q: At what age were cardinals subsequently required to retire in an edict issued in 1970?
A: 75

Q: What country did Cardinal archbishop Anlbal Munoz Duque represent?
A: Colombia

Q: What did the Cardinal Augustin Bea's Secretariat promote?
A: Christian Unity

Q: How many future popes did Paul VI create first as cardinals?
A: three

Q: Who was made a cardinal by Paul VI on June 27 1977?
A: Joseph Ratzinger

Q: What future pope was made a cardinal by Paul VI on June 26, 1967?
A: Karol Wojtyła

Q: How many cardinals were from Africa in 1976?
A: five

Q: What country did Cardinal Eduardo Francisco Pironi represent?
A: Argentina

Q: What country did Cardinal Araujo Sales represent?
A: Brazil

Q: What group's committees did Paul VI declare both bishops and cardinals could participate in?
A: Roman Curia

Q: Who did Sprague work for early in his career?
A: Thomas Edison

Q: How many passengers does the most dense rail network in Europe carry annualy?
A: over 350 million

Q: How much does the Swiss autoroute network charge for a toll sticker to use Swiss roadways for a year?
A: 40 Swiss francs

Q: What is the name of the flag airline carrier in Switzerland?
A: Swiss International Air Lines

Q: What do new high tech healthcare technologies translate to?
A: high costs of the services provided

Q: Which successful World Touring Car Championship driver was produced in Switzerland despite the ban on motorsport events?
A: Alain Menu

Q: What is a national charite that helps to bring food and health care to low income families?
A: United Way

Q: What was North Carolina State called before?
A: The North Carolina College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts,

Q: What year was the North Carolina Symphony founded?
A: 1932

Q: What event plaza is in Cary?
A: Koka Booth Amphitheatre

Q: Where is the North Carolina State Fair?
A: Dorton Arena

Q: What theaters are at North Carolina State University?
A: Stewart and Thompson Theaters

Q: What is the North Carolina Museum of Art near?
A: North Carolina State Fairgrounds

Q: When did the Carolina Hurricanes start in Raleigh?
A: 1997

Q: What is the home stadium of the Carolina Hurricanes called?
A: PNC Arena

Q: What is the only professional sports team in North Carolina?
A: National Hockey League's Carolina Hurricanes

Q: When did the Carolina Hurricanes win the Stanley Cup?
A: 2006

Q: What type of team was the Carolina Courage?
A: Women's United Soccer

Q: What year did the Carolina Courage win the Founders Cup?
A: 2002

Q: Where is North Carolina State University?
A: southwest Raleigh

Q: What is the mascot for North Carolina State University?
A: Wolfpack

Q: Where does the football team for North Carolina State University play?
A: Carter-Finley Stadium

Q: How big is Carter Finley Stadium?
A: third largest football stadium in North Carolina

Q: Where does North Carolina State University men's wrestling compete?
A: Reynolds Coliseum

Q: How many incidents of motor vehicle theft were there in 2010?
A: 870

Q: What can be synthesized using carbohydrates and proteins?
A: body fat

Q: What did Carl von Voit and Max Rubner apply to nutrition in order to receive their results?
A: principles of physics

Q: Which category is represented by carbohydrates and fats among other nutrients?
A: macronutrients

Q: Other than fats, what else consists of atoms of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen?
A: carbohydrates

Q: If a carbohydrate is not a simple monosaccharide, what else could it be?
A: complex polysaccharides

Q: What is an example of a simple carbohydrate?
A: fructose

Q: When simple carbohydrates undergo metabolic pathways, what do they result in after partial catabolism?
A: glucose

Q: What example of a carbohydrate is unable to be fully absorbed in humans?
A: Dietary fiber

Q: Which element is present that is bonded to all of the carbons in a saturated fat?
A: hydrogen

Q: Other than nitrogen, what other element varies greatly between a carnivore and herbivore diet?
A: carbon

Q: Other than sugar and fiber, what else are carbohydrates consisted of?
A: starch

Q: What is the process that plants undergo in order to obtain carbohydrates?
A: photosynthesis

Q: What part of the leaf in a plant takes in carbon dioxide and releases oxygen?
A: stomata

Q: Pasteurisation and autoclavation are examples of what kind of technique?
A: heating

Q: Who was Cardigan under fire from when advancing on the Valley of Balaclava?
A: Russian batteries

Q: How many people did Cardigan lose during the Light Brigade?
A: 278

Q: What was the HMS Prince carrying when it sunk?
A: a cargo of winter clothing

Q: We can learn what by carefully examining our literature?
A: our history

Q: Where were the symbols carved on?
A: pieces of bone and turtle shell

Q: Who work in the style of carving a traditional seal in the script?
A: calligraphers

Q: What event occured that automatically ranked Bermuda as the oldest remaining British Overseas Territory?
A: Newfoundland became part of Canada

Q: Travel from South Carolina to Bermuda would be in which direction?
A: due east

Q: Why did Bermuda join CARICOM?
A: primarily to strengthen cultural links.

Q: Who has "observer status" to CARICOM?
A: US Commonwealth of Puerto Rico

Q: Who won the 2011 Caribbean championships?
A: The Bermuda Rugby Union team

Q: What is Nigeria's local vehicle manufacturer?
A: Innoson Motors

Q: Nigeria is adding what kind of costs to its healthcare system?
A: user fees

Q: When did Nigeria start reorganizing its healthcare system?
A: 1987

Q: What career path was decided upon for Von Neuman?
A: chemical engineer

Q: What was the Monte Carlo method?
A: allowed solutions to complicated problems to be approximated using random numbers

Q: Edward Carr believes that in a war between Germany and the Soviet Union, who else would have been participating?
A: the Western Powers would already be involved

Q: The pact according to Edward Carr’s view was to provide what between Germany and the Soviet Union?
A: a line of defense against

Q: When were low voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes invented?
A: In 1957

Q: Who invented low voltage electrolytic capacitors with porous carbon electrodes?
A: H. Becker

Q: In what component of electrolytic capacitors did Becker believe was similar to the porous carbon electrodes?
A: the pores of the etched foils

Q: What sort of capacitors are used to carry a varying signal from the conductive plate of one tube to the grid circuit of the next stage?
A: interstage coupling capacitors

Q: What is one value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for car audio purposes?
A: the inductance

Q: What is another value a stiffening capacitor accounts for when used in for car audio purposes?
A: resistance

Q: What are the cardinal numbers one through four in Czech allowed to take?
A: any case

Q: What is Czech's handling of cardinal numbers typical of?
A: a Slavic language

Q: Who was the designer of the Digimon card game?
A: Kenji Watanabe

Q: What name was listed on Comcast customer Ricardo Brown's invoice in January, 2015?
A: "Asshole Brown"

Q: How much of the entire population of the planet is estimated to be carrying tuberculosis?
A: One-third

Q: What's the three-word name for the method where a health care worker watches their patient take their medication?
A: Directly observed therapy

Q: About how many people died in 2010 carrying both HIV and TB?
A: 0.35 million

Q: What population segment in China struggles to get follow-up care for TB infection?
A: rural migrants

Q: Is there anyone automatically eligible?
A: . All clubs in the top four levels (the Premier League and the three divisions of the Football League) are automatically eligible

Q: What would the use of a new carriageway do in Alsace?
A: reduce the buildup of traffic in that area

Q: The new line is (carriageway) would link which other intersections?
A: Hœrdt to the north of Strasbourg, with Innenheim in the southwest

Q: Soul competency (liberty), salvation through faith alone, Scripture alone as the rule of faith and practice, and the autonomy of the local congregation what examples of what?
A: tenets of Baptist churches

Q: Early 20th century states began to have a responsiblity to take care of whom?
A: poor

Q: Caribean and where else is there a low population of child workers?
A: Latin America

Q: What do drug cartels do with child workers?
A: sell and carry drugs, guns, and other illegal substances

Q: What are the risks of child labour in drug cartels?
A: physical and psychological implications

Q: Has these dangers caused and increase or decrease in child labour with drug cartels?
A: an increase

Q: How many main geographical sections make up North Carolina?
A: three

Q: What section of North carolina makes up 45% of the state?
A: Atlantic Coastal Plain

Q: What is the section in the middle 35% of North Carolina called?
A: the Piedmont region

Q: The extreme eastern section of North Carolina is called what?
A: Outer Banks

Q: Pilot Mountain and South Mountains are located in what region of North Carolina?
A: Piedmont

Q: What section of Central North Carolina has the most dense population?
A: The Piedmont region

Q: The weatern part of North Carolina is part of what mountain range?
A: Appalachian Mountain range

Q: What ocean influinces the climate of North Carolinas coastal plain?
A: Atlantic

Q: What is the climate of North Carolinas coastal plain in the summer?
A: moderate, although humid

Q: What is the average high North Carolina coastal temperature on the plains in the summer?
A: 89 °F

Q: What region of North Carolina has hotter summers and colder winters than the coast?
A: Piedmont

Q: What mountain range makes up the coolest part of North Carolina?
A: The Appalachian Mountains

Q: Hoe often do hurricanes hit North Carolina?
A: once a decade

Q: Floyd, Fran, and Hazel are examples of what that hit the state of North Carolina?
A: hurricanes

Q: What was the strongest storm to make landfall in North Carolina?
A: Hurricane Hazel

Q: What year did Hurrican Hazel hit North Carolina?
A: 1954

Q: How many tornadoes does North Carolina have per year?
A: fewer than 20

Q: What weather phenomenom can weaken storms but cause major ice events in NW North Carolina?
A: cold air damming

Q: Where did the Algonquin speaking tribes of North Carolina live?
A: the coastal areas

Q: Where in North Carolina did Blackbeards ship crash?
A: Beaufort Inlet

Q: What year did Blackbeard run his ship aground in North Carolina?
A: 1718

Q: North carolina and Sounth Carolina together were known as what?
A: the Province of Carolina

Q: What year were the northern and southern carolinas seperated?
A: 1729

Q: What was the profession of most of the settlers in the Province of Carolina?
A: small farmers

Q: What people were a menace to the coastal areas of the Province of carolina?
A: Pirates

Q: What was the state capital of North Carolina in 1722?
A: Edenton

Q: What city became the capital of North Carolina in 1766?
A: New Bern

Q: Who was the governor of North carolina in 1767?
A: William Tryon

Q: What central North carolina cuty was chosen for the capital in 1788?
A: Raleigh

Q: Frontiersmen from the Carolinas moved west into what area that is now known as Tennessee?
A: Washington District

Q: After what year did cotton and tobacco become important crops in North Carolina?
A: After 1800

Q: The Tidewater region was in what half of North Carolina?
A: eastern

Q: What region of North Carolina used slave labor and developed a slave society?
A: the Tidewater region

Q: What was the economy of North Carolina based on after the confederacy?
A: tobacco, cotton and agriculture

Q: When did a major industrial base appear in North Carolina?
A: late 19th century

Q: Where did the major industrial base appear in North Carolina?
A: western counties of the Piedmont

Q: What was the emergence of the industrial base of North carolina based on?
A: cotton mills

Q: What programs created by FDR helped North Carolina during the Great Depression?
A: New Deal programs

Q: What inhibited North Carolina for thousands of years?
A: prehistoric indigenous cultures

Q: Who is the North Carolina state capital named for?
A: Sir Walter Raleigh

Q: Who granted the charter for Sir Walter Raleigh to travel to present day North Carolina?
A: Elizabeth I

Q: What year did Elizabeth I grant the charter to Raleigh to travel to North Carolina?
A: 1584

Q: How many colonies did Raleigh establish on the coast of carolina in 1580?
A: two

Q: Carolina was named after King Charles iI's father, what was his name?
A: Charles I

Q: What year was a second charter made to establish the borders of Carolina?
A: 1665

Q: After the Spanish, who were the first Europeans to settle North Carolina?
A: English colonists

Q: Where did the English colonists that settle North carolina come from?
A: Virginia

Q: Who was one of the first Virginian migrants to reach the carolinas?
A: Nathaniel Batts

Q: What year did Nathaniel Battes settle in North Carolina?
A: 1655

Q: Eastern North Carolina is also known as what?
A: Low Country

Q: Western North carolina is also known as what?
A: uplands

Q: What year did North Carolina instruct its delegates to vote for independence?
A: 1776

Q: Who was north carolina seeking independence from in 1776?
A: the British Crown

Q: How many North Carolina mountain men fought at King's Mountain?
A: 1000

Q: North Carolina was the twelth state to ratify what document?
A: the Constitution

Q: What date did North Carolina ratify the constitution?
A: November 21, 1789

Q: What year was the state capitol building of North Carolina completed?
A: 1840

Q: What direction did the North carolina railroad extend?
A: west

Q: In 1860, what percent of the North Carolina population were slaves?
A: 33

Q: Where were most of the slaves in North Carolina located?
A: eastern Tidewater

Q: Where were the free people of color located in north carolina in 1860?
A: eastern coastal plain

Q: What fraction of the population of North Carolina was enslaved in 1860?
A: one-third

Q: North Carolina did not vote to join the confederacy until they were ordered to invade what state?
A: South Carolina

Q: When was North Carolinas official secession?
A: May 20

Q: Some North Carolinians still refused to support what after secession?
A: the Confederacy

Q: How many North Carolinians from the west fought for the union Army?
A: 2,000

Q: When did union forces occupy coastal areas of North carolina?
A: 1862 and 1863

Q: How many battles of the army of Northern Virginia did confederate troops from north Carolina fight in?
A: virtually all

Q: What was the name of the largest battle fought in North Carolina?
A: Bentonville

Q: What is the religious name given to the part of the country that includes the Carolinas?
A: Bible Belt

Q: What was the largest denomination in North Carolina in 2010?
A: Southern Baptist

Q: What was the second largest denomination in North carolina in 2010?
A: United Methodist Church

Q: What was the third largest denomination in North carolina in 2010?
A: Roman Catholic

Q: Immigrants from latin America coming to North Carolina is increasing what?
A: ethnic and religious diversity

Q: What has happened to the number of Roman Catholics and Jews in North Carolina?
A: increased

Q: Religious diversity in North Carolina has generally what?
A: increased

Q: What is the second largest Protestant denomination in North Carolina?
A: Methodism

Q: What is the Nickname given to North Carolina?
A: Old North State

Q: What is raleigh-Cary ranked among the 51 largest metro areas in the country?
A: 5

Q: What was North Carolinas gross state product in 2010?
A: $424.9 billion

Q: What was North Carolinas state debt in 2012?
A: $2.4bn

Q: North carolina voters have leaned republican since what year?
A: 1976

Q: What year did North Carolina voters once again vote for a Democrat?
A: 2008

Q: What year did Bill Clinton win North Carolina?
A: 1992

Q: What year did Bill Clinton lose North Carolina?
A: 1996

Q: Who was elected Governor of North Carolina in 2012?
A: Pat McCrory

Q: Who ws elected Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina in 2012?
A: Dan Forest

Q: Who won North Carolinas 7th congressional district seat in 2014?
A: David Rouzer

Q: What agency oversees public schools in North Carolina?
A: North Carolina Department of Public Instruction

Q: How many public school systems does North Carolina have?
A: 115

Q: What is the largest school system in North Carolina?
A: Wake County Public School System

Q: What is the largest University in North Carolina?
A: North Carolina State University

Q: How many students does North Carolina State University enroll?
A: 34,000

Q: Duke University and Shaw University are examples of what type of colleges that are in North Carolina?
A: private

Q: What is the name of the only Catholic college in the Carolinas?
A: Belmont Abbey College

Q: What is the name of the only Lutheran University in North Carolina?
A: Lenoir-Rhyne University

Q: How many major league sports franchises make North carolina home?
A: three

Q: What is the only professional team from North carolina to have won a league championship?
A: The Hurricanes

Q: The Carolina Hurricanes belong to what league?
A: National Hockey League

Q: The Caroli8na panthers belong to what league?
A: National Football League

Q: What Speedway in North Carolina hosts two Sprint cupseries races each year?
A: Charlotte Motor Speedway

Q: What North Carolina city hosts the NASCAR Hall of Fame?
A: Charlotte

Q: What North carolina city is home to several top racing teams?
A: Concord

Q: How many colleges compete at the Division 1 level in North Carolina?
A: 18

Q: How many times has North Carolina hosted the NCAA final four?
A: two

Q: What North Carolina City is consistently voted one of the top places to live in the United States?
A: Asheville

Q: What league do the Carolina Hurricanes belong to?
A: NHL

Q: What is the center of North Carolina called?
A: The Piedmont Triad

Q: What city is the North Carolina Zoo in?
A: Asheboro

Q: How many miles of shaded pathways does the Nort Carolina Zoo have?
A: five

Q: What North Carolina City hosts the Merlefest?
A: Wilkesboro

Q: Fishing, hunting, and birdwatching are what kind of activities that are provided in North Carolina?
A: recreational

Q: In the Fall, people go to North Carolina to see what?
A: fall colors

Q: Howmany state parks are in North Carolina?
A: 34

Q: How many national parks are in North Carolina?
A: 14

Q: What industry generates 1.2 billion in economic activity each year for North carolina?
A: nonprofit arts and culture

Q: How much money does the North Carolina Museum of art generate?
A: millions

Q: What is the largest mall in the carolinas?
A: SouthPark Mall

Q: What is a culinary staple of North Carolina?
A: pork barbecue

Q: What cut of pork do those in western North carolina prefer for BBQ?
A: Boston butt

Q: What is another name for Western North Carolina Barbecue?
A: Lexington barbecue

Q: What cut of pork do those in Western North Carolina prefer for BBQ?
A: pork shoulder

Q: What international prize winning winery is located in North Carolina?
A: Noni Bacca Winery

Q: What prized cheeses are made in North Carolina?
A: Ashe County

Q: North carolina state law allowed a jump in alcohol volume from 6% to what percent?
A: 15%.

Q: What TV channel carried the broadcast of the coup?
A: CNN

Q: By cardinal direction, what part of the city is referred to as Downtown?
A: eastern

Q: What northern Miami neighborhood is named for a Caribbean country?
A: Little Haiti

Q: Along with Celebrity, Carnival, Norwegian, Oceania and Royal Caribbean, what cruise line is based in Miami?
A: Seabourn

Q: Along with the Caribbean, from where does a significant amount of cargo enter MIA?
A: South America

Q: Where do NASCAR races in Miami take place?
A: Homestead-Miami Speedway

Q: Along with "Cargo Gateway of the Americas," what is another nickname for PortMiami?
A: "Cruise Capital of the World"

Q: How many tons of cargo arrived in PortMiami in 2007?
A: 7.8 million

Q: What North American port sees the largest amount of imported and exported cargo?
A: Port of South Louisiana

Q: What was the original intent of the phonautograph?
A: visual analysis

Q: In what years where phonautograms converted to audible sound?
A: 2000s

Q: By whom was the phonautograms patented?
A: Léon Scott

Q: In what year was phonautograms patented?
A: 1857

Q: How did the phonograph differ from the phonautograph?
A: capable of both recording and reproducing sound

Q: What record format was created for use in Chrysler automobiles?
A: Highway Hi-Fi 16 2⁄3 rpm record

Q: What do most automatic turn tables do when they meet a lock groove?
A: lift the arm

Q: Are longer recordings, as found in operas, made for use with auto-changing systems?
A: interleaved across several 10-inch or 12-inch discs for use with auto-changing mechanisms

Q: Do records touch when in auto changers?
A: Auto-changers included a mechanism to support a stack

Q: What was a benefit of the use of magnetic pickup cartridge?
A: high quality cuts

Q: What retrospective of the Oscars is shown yearly on TCM?
A: 31 Days of Oscar

Q: Along with Cary Grant, who is a notable actor whose career a viewer might follow on TCM?
A: Humphrey Bogart

Q: When does 31 Days of Oscar occur?
A: month preceding the Academy Awards

Q: What Canadian cable provider first carried Turner Classic Movies?
A: Shaw Cable

Q: What car manufacturer hired Petra Haden to perform a capella songs in commercials for their car?
A: Toyota

Q: When was the University of Fribourg put into the Dominican Order's care?
A: 1890

Q: What did the English Order not care about?
A: the stigmata

Q: Oppidan residences were generally cared after by women known as what?
A: "dames"

Q: When a student has work Sent Up For Good, who signs the card that they receive?
A: House Master, tutor and division master

Q: Who takes care of roads and sanitation in Cork?
A: local government

Q: Which car company closed the doors on it's Cork operations in 1984?
A: Ford Motor Company

Q: When was the Cork South Link dual carriageway built?
A: 1980s

Q: What was the purpose of the dual carriageway?
A: to link the Kinsale Road roundabout with the city centre

Q: Which year was the current Statute of Autonomy enacted?
A: 1981

Q: Along with Galicia's, which other two province's autonomy was annulled?
A: Catalonia and the Basque provinces

Q: Which former minister under Franco's rule headed the autonomous government  from 1990 to 2005?
A: Manuel Fraga

Q: The Autopista AP-53 was originally built by whom?
A: Xunta de Galicia

Q: Which Spanish city does the Autovía A-6 lead to?
A: Madrid

Q: The Autovía A-8 enters Galicia on which coast?
A: Cantabrian

Q: Which green food coloring is known to cause hyperactivity, asthma, urticaria, and insomnia?
A: Green S (E142)

Q: What is a protein that carries copper ions in chelation?
A: ceruloplasmin

Q: Why is the ability to boot write-locked SD cards with a USB adapter advantageous for?
A: maintaining the integrity and non-corruptible, pristine state of the booting medium.

Q: Who was the labor leader of the Autoworkers?
A: Walter Reuther

Q: What care company promoted black workers to work alongside white workers?
A: Packard

Q: In which year was the last electric streetcar line removed?
A: 1956

Q: How many seconds did a streetcar run along Woodward Ave in 1941?
A: 60

Q: What made car travel much easier?
A: highways

Q: What hurt the Auto industry?
A: gasoline crises

Q: Which coast did the Carthaginians explore for trade?
A: the Atlantic coast

Q: Where is the Tibet Autonomous Region?
A: western and central Tibet

Q: What can happen to players who get red or yellow cards in friendlies?
A: suspended from future international matches

Q: How many exhibition events per year does the NASCAR Sprint Cup have?
A: two

Q: What autonomists were pro French?
A: Alsatian

Q: Which port in Oklahoma handles international cargo?
A: Tulsa Port of Catoosa

Q: How many tons of cargo does the Tulsa Port of Catoosa ship annually?
A: over two million

Q: What whole region did the East India company get control over after the Carnatic Wars?
A: Carnatic

Q: How was the assassination supposed to have been carried out?
A: shoot down Nasser's plane

Q: What type of health care program was put forth in the National Charter?
A: universal

Q: Pope John XXIII surprised those who expected him to be a caretaker pope by calling what?
A: Second Vatican Council

Q: Who was the Cardinal Secretary of State in 1925?
A: Pietro Gasparri

Q: New pontiffs are chosen from Cardinals who head what?
A: archdioceses or departments of the Roman Curia

Q: Who did Cardinal Giovanni Battista Montini later become?
A: Pope Paul VI

Q: Is Photo Gallery automatically or separately installed?
A: separately

Q: When were users able to discard the disc and access Netflix directly through their PS3s?
A: October 2010

Q: What hardware component did CNET have the biggest problem with, even comparing it to an old credit card reader?
A: disc-loader

Q: What was King Juan Carlos' response to the media when asked if he would sign a bill supporting same-sex marriage?
A: "Soy el Rey de España y no el de Bélgica"

Q: What permits elements with different mathematical starting points to be taken care of in a flexible manner while holding their key basic aspects?
A: abstract formalization of the group axioms

Q: What similar element do isomorphic groups carry?
A: isomorphic groups

Q: What did Henri Poincaré introduce when he established algebraic topology?
A: the fundamental group

Q: What country borders CAR in the North?
A: Chad

Q: What Country borders CAR in the South?
A: the Republic of the Congo

Q: What Country borders CAR in the West?
A: Cameroon

Q: What is the population of CAR approximately?
A: 4.7 million

Q: Who established CAR's borders?
A: France

Q: What country ruled CAR as a colony?
A: France

Q: When did CAR become independent?
A: in 1960

Q: What religion is a minority in CAR?
A: Muslim minority

Q: What was an imported food that provided most of the carbohydrates?
A: Bananas

Q: When did the slave trade hit the CAR region?
A: 16th and 17th centuries

Q: What religion was spread through CAR?
A: Christianity

Q: During what war did French officers setup headquarters in CAR?
A: Second World War

Q: What large country pressured CAR to hold elections?
A: the United States

Q: When was the new constitution for CAR approved?
A: 28 December 1994

Q: When did CAR ask for assistance from the French against rebels?
A: November 2006

Q: What religious groups operate in CAR?
A: missionary groups

Q: What African country bordering CAR are some of these missionaries from?
A: Democratic Republic of the Congo

Q: When did fighting break out in CAR?
A: 2002–3

Q: Who headed the UN effort to rebuild CAR?
A: Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon

Q: When did CAR request assistance directly to prevent war?
A: 12 June 2008

Q: Who assisted CAR in avoiding war?
A: UN Peacebuilding Commission

Q: When was the new Government seated in CAR?
A: 31 March 2013

Q: What is the per capita income in CAR?
A: $400 a year

Q: What gemstone comes from the CAR?
A: diamonds

Q: Which item that poachers kill elephants for can be obtained in CAR?
A: ivory

Q: What type of agriculture is popular in the CAR?
A: food crops

Q: What is the major telecommunications provider in CAR?
A: Socatel

Q: Who assists CAR with telecommunications?
A: ITU Telecommunication Development Sector

Q: What does the CAR get help with with regards to communication from ITU-D?
A: improve infrastructure

Q: How are the human rights in the CAR?
A: poor

Q: How is the prison quality in the CAR?
A: harsh and life-threatening conditions

Q: Did all AV receivers carry the demodulator circuits necessary for LaserDiscs, or only high-end models?
A: higher-end

Q: How long has the thought of the existence of God been carried on?
A: trans-generational

Q: What year did the Oeselian pirates carry out a famous raid?
A: 1187

Q: What year was the Estonian Cultural Autonomy law established?
A: 1925

Q: How many minorities were granted cultural autonomies?
A: more than 3,000 people

Q: Which indigenous group is controversially known for hunting caribou on protected land?
A: The Gwich'in people of the northern Interior region

Q: How much of the subsidized bulk mail delivery program goes to carriers who offer passenger service?
A: 70%

Q: What type of vehicles do Troopers operate?
A: a wide variety of land, air, and water patrol vehicles

Q: When was a new sytle of carved top and back construction mandolins created?
A: end of the 19th century

Q: What insect is known to consume carrion?
A: blow-flies

Q: In addition to Carboniferous, what other insect order is inclusive of extant groups, stem groups and Paleozoic groups?
A: Early Permian

Q: Where is an insects dry pellet discarded through?
A: the anus

Q: Which system inside an insect's respiratory system does not carry oxygen?
A: circulatory system

Q: Carbon dioxide is released continuously in what kind of gas exchange?
A: continuous gas exchange

Q: What gas exchanges does carbon dioxide release when the insect is resting?
A: discontinuous gas exchange

Q: What is a message-carrying chemical called?
A: semiochemical

Q: What were Brazillian children never automatically identified with the type of?
A: racial

Q: Brazil's population is believed to have between what percentages of autosomal European ancestry?
A: 65 and 80%

Q: Who is the author of "The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarceration in the Age of Colorblindness"?
A: Michelle Alexander

Q: What type of caste system is mass incarceration compared to?
A: racial

Q: Who carried out bombings throughout Paris between 1961 and 1962?
A: Organisation de l'armée secrète

Q: What did Valery Giscard d'Estaing have erected?
A: Musée d'Orsay

Q: How many vehicles are in the fleet?
A: 6,000

Q: The closing of what plant in 20147 caused a major loss to the automobile industry?
A: Aulnay-sous-Bois Citroen

Q: Who wrote Carmen?
A: Georges Bizet's

Q: Who provides emergency care in the city of Paris?
A: Assistance publique - Hôpitaux de Paris

Q: What is the name of France's national postal carrier?
A: La Poste

Q: Who did scholars beieve carried on the rituals in a consistent procedure?
A: Pythia

Q: The statues of who were thought to incarnate his living presence?
A: Apollo

Q: Which troubled candidate did Carol Moseley Braun end up endorsing, after she dropped out?
A: Howard Dean

Q: Which candidate went on to win the South Carolina primary?
A: John Edwards

Q: Who did samurai wives have to take care of?
A: elderly parents or in-laws that may be living under her roof

Q: What type of glass is used in cars?
A: laminated

Q: Name one company that sells flexible-fuel cars?
A: GM

Q: Who has the authority to carry out a number of functions that havae implications for the feasiblity of renewable energy projects?
A: Energy regulators

Q: What made a strong economic case for investing in low carbon technologies?
A: Stern Review

Q: What negative qualities does Palermo carry?
A: high unemployment levels, high corruption and a significant black market empire

Q: How many passengers do Palermo's ferries carry each year?
A: 2 million

Q: Why is zinc carbonate poorly absorbed in the body?
A: nearly insoluble

Q: CBC was eclusive carrier of what other sport during the 2004-2005 season?
A: Curling

Q: Who became the new exclusive carrier of curling broadcasts during the 2008-2009 season?
A: TSN

Q: Which broadcast do affiliates generally carry?
A: 10 p.m

Q: What is often said to be stored by cells in the structures of molecules of substances such as carbohydrates, lipids and proteins?
A: Energy

Q: Where are food molecules oxidised to carbon dioxide and water?
A: mitochondria

Q: Where did carpet weaving in the Empire originate?
A: the nomadic cultures of central Asia

Q: Where did carpet weaving initially spread to inside of the Empire?
A: Anatolia

Q: Where did Carl Menger and Friedrich von Wieser influence Hayek?
A: University of Vienna

Q: According to Wapshott, who was promoting the implementation of universal health care?
A: Hayek

Q: Carl Menger's work in social explanation was not too different from those in which Scottish period??
A: Scottish Enlightenment

Q: Who carried out the first strike in North America?
A: immigrants

Q: What percent don't own cars?
A: 32

Q: What percent own 2 or more cars?
A: 23

Q: When did Kerry visit Nicaragua?
A: April 18, 1985

Q: Who did Kerry visit Nicaragua with?
A: Senator Tom Harkin

Q: Who did Kerry visit in Nicaragua?
A: Daniel Ortega

Q: What was Kerry's actual career voting rank for 'liberalness'?
A: 11th most liberal

Q: What was Kerry's paternal grandmother's career?
A: musician

Q: What was Kerry's paternal grandfather's career?
A: shoe businessman

Q: Along with scarce green vegetables, what had an impact on Rajasthani cooking?
A: scarcity of water

Q: Who runs Guam's main health care facility?
A: The Government of Guam

Q: What is the name of the main health care facility in Guam?
A: Guam Memorial Hospital

Q: What was Aetius's career?
A: doxographer

Q: What type of philosopher was Descartes?
A: rationalist

Q: What sort of idealist was Descartes?
A: Sceptical

Q: In what section was Descartes criticized?
A: Paralogisms of Pure Reason

Q: Who censured Kant for his agnostic tautology?
A: Friedrich Nietzsche

Q: What does Auto didacticism generally mean?
A: learning on your own

Q: When can you become an Autodidact?
A: any point in one's life

Q: Which famous U.S president was a Autodidact?
A: Abraham Lincoln

Q: Which famous inventor was a Autodidact?
A: Thomas Alva Edison

Q: What trail forms part of the border Tennessee shares with North Carolina?
A: Appalachian Trail

Q: Which two Tennessee counties cover the area that comprised North Carolina's Tennessee County?
A: Montgomery County and Robertson County

Q: Who left Fort Watuaga, crossed the Appalachians, and attacked the British army in South Carolina in 1780?
A: Overmountain Men

Q: Who lost the Battle of Kings Mountain in South Carolina?
A: the British Army

Q: What was the name of the state that three North Carolina counties hoped to form in 1784?
A: Franklin

Q: What was the name given to the land that North Carolina transferred to the federal government in 1790?
A: Southwest Territory

Q: What other name does the North Carolina Road share with Daniel Boone's passage through the Cumberland Gap?
A: Wilderness Road

Q: Which Republican won the Presidency while carrying Tennessee in 1928?
A: Herbert Hoover

Q: By what percentage of the popular vote did George W. Bush carry Tennessee in 2004?
A: 14%

Q: A bias in Tennessee politics favoring which type of geographical district gave rise to the Baker v. Carr Supreme Court case?
A: rural

Q: What career path did Jon Savage take in life?
A: Writer

Q: What is the term for play stopped because the ball carrier, although not fully tackled, can no longer advance the ball?
A: forward progress

Q: Which parts of the ball carrier's body do not cause play to stop when they touch the ground?
A: feet and hands

Q: How much were the French outnumbered at the Battle of Carillion?
A: 4,000 French troops repulsed 16,000 British

Q: What was the name of one of his semi-autobiographical books?
A: Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!

Q: What career did Joan hold?
A: astrophysicist

Q: Feynman borrowed a car from Klaus Fuchs, who was later found to be a what?
A: spy for the Soviets

Q: What is cargo cult science?
A: pseudoscience

Q: What analogies did Feynman use to teach Carl?
A: ants and Martians

Q: Which subject did Feynman and Carl both enjoy?
A: Mathematics

Q: What diseases were minimized by Gaddafi's health care policies?
A: cholera and typhoid

Q: What date was a coup d'etat carried out in Cyprus?
A: 15 July 1974

Q: What resource is scarce on Cyprus?
A: water

Q: Which side of the road do vehicles on Cyprus drive on?
A: left-hand

Q: How long has Steven Spielberg had his career so far?
A: more than four decades

Q: What was Spielberg's father's career?
A: electrical engineer involved in the development of computers

Q: What was Spielberg's mother's career?
A: restaurateur and concert pianist

Q: What British critic helped boost Steven Spielberg's career?
A: Dilys Powell

Q: How many Oscars did Close Encounters win?
A: two

Q: How many Oscars did Close Encounters get nominated for, besides Best Director?
A: six

Q: What was Spielberg's future wife's career?
A: actress

Q: How many Oscar nominations did 'The Color Purple' get?
A: eleven

Q: How many Oscar nominations did 'Munich' get?
A: five

Q: How many Oscar nominations did 'Bridge of Spies' get?
A: six

Q: Which Warner Bros. cartoons did Spielberg produce?
A: Tiny Toon Adventures, Animaniacs, Pinky and the Brain, Toonsylvania, and Freakazoid!

Q: What was Indy's father's career?
A: professor of medieval literature

Q: What was Amy Irving's career?
A: actress

Q: Why is a "this car leaving next" sign used?
A: to encourage passengers to make maximum use of the available elevator system capacity

Q: After all cars go to the lobby, what is the next step?
A: the system will then automatically select one or more cars to be used for normal operations and these cars will return to service

Q: How are the selected cars then readied for passengers?
A: The car(s) selected to run under emergency power can be manually overridden by a key or strip switch in the lobby

Q: Passenger elevators, used in city transport share similarities to what other ascending and descending vehicles counterbalancing each other?
A: funiculars

Q: What type of elevator is better suited for carrying freight?
A: electric elevators

Q: What type of elevators are used for loading loose materials into bulk carriers?
A: Belt elevators

Q: What type of vehicles are the passenger cabs?
A: automated guided vehicles or AGVs

Q: What is used to haul passengers cars?
A: electric locomotives

Q: What area in US discontinued using overhead wires for streetcars in 1962?
A: Washington, D.C.

Q: What is the recent incentive in  order to overcome oil scarcity?
A: to substitute other fuels

Q: What type of natural resources is more scarce?
A: liquid fuel

Q: Why did the Nicaraguans come to America?
A: political instability during the end of the 1970s and the 1980s

Q: When did the Nicaraguans arrive?
A: Throughout the 1980s with the United States supported Contra War (or Contra-revolutionary war) which continued up until 1988

Q: Where did Nicaraguans settle in America?
A: The states of the United States where most Nicaraguans migrated to include Florida, California and Texas.

Q: Was there a specific reason many Nicaraguans fled to the U.S.?
A: the economic collapse of the country many more Nicaraguans migrated to the United States amongst other countries.

Q: What is the oldest city in South Carolina?
A: Charleston

Q: What county is Charleston, South Carolina located in?
A: Charleston County

Q: How large is Charleston, South Carolina?
A: 127.5 square miles (330.2 km2)

Q: What is the third largest city in South Carolina?
A: North Charleston

Q: What era brought counties to South Carolina?
A: Reconstruction Era

Q: Counties replaced what system in South Carolina?
A: traditional parish system

Q: How long did it take to establish settlement expeditions for the Province of Carolina?
A: seven years

Q: What was the plan to settle and develop the Province of Carolina?
A: the Grand Model

Q: Bermuda is located near which North Carolina town?
A: Cape Hatteras

Q: What religious group was not allowed to settle in South Carolina?
A: Catholics

Q: What is the oldest college in South Carolina?
A: College of Charles Towne

Q: Who was the commander of the American forces defending South Carolina?
A: Col. Moultrie

Q: When did General Clinton attack South Carolina?
A: June 28, 1776

Q: What city became the state capital of South Carolina?
A: Columbia

Q: Charleston was the state capital of South Carolina until what year?
A: 1786

Q: What became South Carolina's major export commodity after 1793?
A: cotton

Q: Which party dominated South Carolina's state legislature?
A: Democrat

Q: Blacks were the majority in South Carolina until what year?
A: 1930

Q: What was the name of 21 year old that killed nine church members in Charleston, South Carolina?
A: Dylann Roof

Q: Clementa Pinckney served what public office for the state of South Carolina?
A: state senator

Q: On what day was the Confederate flag removed from South Carolina State House?
A: July 10, 2015

Q: What  the profession of Gian Carlo Menotti?
A: composer

Q: What major award did Gian Carlo Menotti win?
A: Pulitzer Prize

Q: What is the largest police department of South Carolina?
A: The City of Charleston Police Department

Q: What is the profession of Gian Carlo Menotti?
A: composer

Q: What year did South Carolina pass a law allowing them to repeal Federal Law?
A: 1832

Q: After South Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston's forts?
A: federal soldiers

Q: After South Carolina passed an ordinance of nullification, who was sent to Charleston Harbor?
A: five United States Coast Guard cutters

Q: In which book of the Bible did God reference gifts of Blue Purple and Scarlet?
A: the Book of Exodus

Q: In what year did cardinals in the Roman Catholic church start wearing red?
A: 1295

Q: What was carmine made from?
A: the carminic acid in tiny female scale insects

Q: What would to the carmine pigment if not used diligently?
A: change color

Q: During what century did carmine start to see use?
A: 15th

Q: Which British law forbade cars from following a bearer of a red flag as a warning to horse drawn vehicles?
A: the Locomotives on Highways Act 1896

Q: Under what circimstance is a red flag flown in auto racing?
A: if there is danger to the drivers

Q: How many heads did the scarlet beast which a woman sat on have?
A: seven heads

Q: The horned scarlet beast that a woman sat on had how many horns?
A: ten

Q: What kind of cup did the woman on the scarlet horned beast have?
A: golden

Q: What was on the forehead of the woman on the scarlet horned beast?
A: a name

Q: Outside of the blood of the saints, on what did the woman on the scarlet horned beast become drunken?
A: the blood of the martyrs of Jesus

Q: Which cardinal direction is signified by red in China?
A: south

Q: What has to occur for a player in association football to be shown a red penalty card?
A: a serious infraction

Q: What occurs when a player in association football is shown a red penalty card?
A: the player is immediately disqualified from further play

Q: How is an association football team impacted when a player is shown a red penalty card?
A: his team must continue with one less player for the game's duration

Q: What long time careers were Sperrle and Jeschonnek involved in?
A: German air services

Q: What did the Air Force believe they could avoid if they carried out effective day missions?
A: night missions and their disadvantages

Q: Who operated the automatic beam system?
A: the bomber's autopilot

Q: The first jamming operation was carried out using what machines?
A: electrocautery machines

Q: What supported the GL carpet?
A: six GCI sets controlling radar-equipped night-fighters

Q: What is the primary consideration for determining if projects may be carried out in areas with endangered species?
A: whether a listed species will be harmed by the action and, if so, how the harm can be minimized

Q: Given that a violator caused wildlife harm, who may provide financial assistance for the care of the harmed wildlife?
A: The Secretary

Q: What did Descartes believe about vacuums in nature?
A: that a vacuum does not occur in nature

Q: What philosophy combined with Descartes to push quantum activity in the 20th century?
A: Cartesian mechanical philosophy

Q: What provides power assistance for auto brakes?
A: vacuum servo

Q: What does a manifold vacuum do on a car?
A: drive accessories

Q: During which period was the odometer cart first created?
A: Han

Q: What use did the odometer cart provide?
A: measured journey lengths

Q: Who said that protected CDs are not allowed to carry the CDDA logo?
A: Philips

Q: What party carried the position of D.C. Statehood?
A: D.C. Statehood Party

Q: For radio broadcast that one would hear in their car what type of towers are used?
A: vertical

Q: Why are a heteromorphic flower's carpels and stamens different lengths?
A: so animal pollinators cannot easily transfer pollen to the pistil

Q: What percentage of the air pollution in Hyderabad comes solely from vehicles?
A: 20–50%

Q: People choose to use what type of facility due to long distances and poor care at Government hospitals?
A: Private clinics

Q: What non-profit cardiovascular educational association is headquartered in Hyderabad?
A: Indian Heart Association

Q: How many people are carried each day by the bus service network in Hyderabad?
A: 130 million

Q: In 2012 how many vehicles were driving in Hyderabad?
A: 3.5 million

Q: What percentage of the vehicles in Hyderabad were cars in 2012?
A: 15%

Q: What percent of the city's public work's vehicles use alternate fuels?
A: Eighty-two

Q: Grand theft Auto V was released in what year?
A: 2013

Q: What is the only agency that is authorized to carry out action on behalf of the president?
A: CIA

Q: When was Descartes pontificating about his theories regarding pain?
A: 1644

Q: What did Descartes think pain was?
A: a disturbance

Q: What do health-care professionals tend to underestimate?
A: severity

Q: An older adult may also not report pain because they're scared they may be put on what?
A: a drug

Q: What did Descartes argue animals lack?
A: consciousness

Q: Where does Tucson hold NASCAR races?
A: Tucson Raceway Park

Q: What kind of vehicles operate on the Sun Link?
A: streetcar

Q: How does heterotrophic carbon metabolism occur?
A: organic carbon compounds are used as carbon sources

Q: When carbon metabolism is called autotrophic?
A: cellular carbon is obtained by fixing carbon dioxide

Q: What are hydrogen and carbon monoxide for Lithotrophic bacteria?
A: Common inorganic electron donors

Q: What organization likes the term "circuit card assembly" for boards that have already been assembled?
A: IPC

Q: What will a circuit board with heavy copper carry very well?
A: current

Q: What type of construction is best for applications that need to portion space carefully?
A: Cordwood

Q: What do insulating cards prevent between interconnection layers?
A: shorting

Q: In what year was the Auto-Sembly process created?
A: 1949

Q: What year was the patent for the Auto-Sembly process granted?
A: 1956

Q: Although two men developed the Auto-Sembly process, to whom was the patent officially granted?
A: U.S. Army

Q: Which part of the Auto-Sembly manufacturing process is the most costly?
A: drilling holes

Q: To which league is the fifth place Premier League team automatically qualified for?
A: UEFA Europa League

Q: Who did UEFA rule should automatically qualify for the Champions League?
A: the defending champions

Q: At which team's expense does the previous champion's automatic entry into the Champions League without placing in the top four come?
A: the fourth-placed team

Q: In 2012, which team was automatically qualified for the champion's league even though they did not place in the top four?
A: Chelsea

Q: Give an example of someone who was a caretaker manager?
A: examples include Paul Hart at Portsmouth and David Pleat at Tottenham Hotspur.

Q: What is a caretaker manager?
A: Caretaker appointments are managers that fill the gap between a managerial departure and a new appointment.

Q: For how long at most is an unlicenced caretaker manager allowed to control a Premier League team for?
A: 12 weeks

Q: Which caretaker manager was later promoted to permanent manager at Portsmouth?
A: Paul Hart

Q: Which caretaker manager was later promoted to permanent manager at Tottenham Hotspur?
A: David Pleat

Q: Who did the Carthaginians hire to lead their army after several losses against the Romans?
A: Xanthippus

Q: What had prevented Carthage from defending their territory from pirates?
A: Treaties

Q: What type of colony was Carthage primarily comprised of?
A: punic colonies

Q: What was the main request of the Romans that Carthage turned down?
A: complete surrender

Q: In what century was the phalanx formation finally discarded by the Roman people?
A: 4th century BC

Q: Where were the American aircraft carriers during the attack on Pearl Harbor by Japan?
A: at sea

Q: Who ordered General MacArthur to make a defense plan with Australia?
A: President Franklin Roosevelt

Q: When was General MacArthur ordered to make a defense plan with Australia?
A: March 1942

Q: Where was MacArthur's headquarters moved to in March of 1942?
A: Melbourne

Q: What American carrier joined the USS Yorktown to stop the Japanese attack on Port Moresby in 1942?
A: USS Lexington

Q: What Japanese carrier was lost in the Battle of the Coral Sea?
A: Shōhō

Q: What American carrier was sunk in the Battle of the Coral Sea?
A: Lexington

Q: How many carriers did Nagumo have at the Battle of Midway?
A: four

Q: What were on the decks of the Japanese aircraft carriers when the American dive bobers attacked?
A: munitions

Q: At what altitude did the American dive bombers commence their attck on the Japanese carriers?
A: 10,000 feet

Q: Which Japanese carrier survived the first wave of American dive bombers in the Battle of Midway.
A: Hiryū

Q: How many fleet carriers were lost by the Japanese in the Battle of Midway?
A: four

Q: How many Japanese carriers were sunk during the war?
A: eight

Q: How many fleet carriers did the U.S. Fifth Fleet have?
A: 15

Q: How many carriers did Ozawa have?
A: nine

Q: Who gave the directive for all carriers in the US Navy to have combat information centers?
A: Nimitz

Q: When did Nimitz launch a carrier raid against Formosa?
A: 12 October

Q: How many aircraft carriers were in Ozawa's "Northern Force"?
A: four

Q: Leaving Washington DC, what cardinal direction would one travel to reach Richmond?
A: south

Q: Along with Newtowne West, to what neighborhood is Carver regarded as having comparable demographics?
A: Jackson Ward

Q: How many bells are contained in the World War I Memorial Carillon?
A: 56

Q: In what year was the World War I Memorial Carillon constructed?
A: 1926

Q: What is A. Carl Prince's religious affiliation?
A: Baptist

Q: In what district did A. Carl Prince win election to the city council?
A: Eighth

Q: What political organization supported the city council candidacy of A. Carl Prince?
A: Richmond Crusade for Voters

Q: Aside from healthcare, which employment sector has strongly emerged in San Diego?
A: biotechnology development

Q: Which museum houses the USS Midway aircraft carrier?
A: San Diego Aircraft Carrier Museum

Q: What percentage of San Diego's residents rely on theri automobile as a primary source of transportation?
A: over 80 percent

Q: Who wrote Theologus Autodidactus?
A: Ibn al-Nafis

Q: Who was the main chracter of Philosophus Autodidactus?
A: Hayy

Q: What type of book is Theologus Autodidactus the first type of?
A: science fiction

Q: What did Ibn al-Nafis use to explain the events in Theologus Autodidactus?
A: scientific knowledge

Q: Which year did a translation of Philosophus Autodidactus in Latin come to be?
A: 1671

Q: Who first translated Philosophus Autodidactus into latin?
A: Edward Pococke the Younger

Q: Simon Ockley translated Philosophus Autodidactus into English, in what year did he do that?
A: 1708

Q: What book is Robert Boyle believe to have written after being inspired by Philosophus Autodidactus?
A: The Aspiring Naturalist

Q: Who won the 1980 US Presidential Elections after President Carter's repeated failed attempts to resolve the US Iranian Embassy situation?
A: Ronald Reagan

Q: Why did Iran have to build its own military hardware, vehicles, and weapons after the 1979 Revolution?
A: foreign embargoes

Q: Which Iranian cardiologist developed and invented the first artificial cardiac pump?
A: Tofy Mussivand

Q: Which card does a referee use to signal a caution to a player?
A: yellow card

Q: How many yellow cards lead to a red card?
A: A second

Q: A referee gives out a yellow card and writes down the players name in his notebook which is called being what?
A: booked

Q: Managers and support staff is considered what and thus cannot be shown a card?
A: Non-players

Q: What does a red card mean?
A: dismissal

Q: What Venetian spent most of his career in England?
A: Giacomo Leoni

Q: When did the decedents of the Congo and Afro-Caribbean arrive in liberia?
A: 1825

Q: Congo descendants and Afro-Caribbean make of what percentage of liberia's population?
A: 2.5%

Q: Where can Carrier account management systems be found?
A: Windows Store apps

Q: What registers the insertion of a SIM card?
A: the operating system

Q: What title did Georgius Gemistus Pletho carry?
A: Byzantine scholar

Q: How much did the translators care about scholarship?
A: no more than had their predecessors

Q: Who instructs vehicles on which taxiways to use?
A: Ground Control

Q: What are SNES game cartridges officially called in the US?
A: Game Pak

Q: What are SNES game cartridges officially called in Japan?
A: Cassette

Q: How much data space can an SNES cartridge use?
A: 117.75 Mbit

Q: Which other game system's cartridges could be adapted to the SNES?
A: Game Boy

Q: When did evidence of wheeled vehicles appear throughout the world?
A: mid 4th millennium BC

Q: What is the term for a ship's cargo manager?
A: supercargo

Q: What did Tuvalu call for from other nations concerning reduction of carbon emissions?
A: binding deals

Q: What do Tuvalu's merchant fleet carry?
A: cargo and passengers

Q: Is it believed that Mary carried no transgression which would require blame ?
A: makes no declaration about the Church's belief that the Blessed Virgin was sinless in the sense of freedom from actual or personal sin

Q: What other career fields have seen an increase in active combat missions?
A: Air Force Office of Special Investigations

Q: During what war the the USAF establish a new career field for piloting UAVs and drones?
A: Iraq War

Q: Who investigated the efficiency of high-brightness LED at Cardiff University in 1995?
A: Alberto Barbieri

Q: How much can a building's carbon footprint be reduced by switching to LEDs?
A: 85%

Q: What lubricates the pericardial sac?
A: serous fluid

Q: How do nesting sandgrouse carry water to their young?
A: wetting their belly feathers

Q: When does parental care end in megapodes?
A: at hatching

Q: What type of seabird has the longest period of parental care?
A: frigatebird

Q: In Quebec, The Guianas and places in the Caribbean where English is spoken, what is the preferred term for the indigenous people of the Americas?
A: Amerindian

Q: Pottery, weavings and carvings are just some of the contributions to art by which peoples?
A: indigenous

Q: Who came up with a policy for indigenous autonomy?
A: Morales

Q: What effect has the issue of indigenous autonomy had on Bolivia?
A: divided

Q: Who came up with a policy for indigenous autonomy?
A: Morales

Q: What effect has the issue of indigenous autonomy had on Bolivia?
A: divided

Q: What percentage of the Nicaraguan population are indigenous?
A: About 5%

Q: What is the largest indigenous group in Nicaragua?
A: Miskito

Q: How many Mayanga people are in Nicaragua?
A: some 10,000

Q: What trend has Egypt healthcare made recently?
A: great strides forward

Q: When government computerised ID cards who were adversely impacted?
A: religious minorities

Q: When did Egyptian court rule that members of other faiths could obtain ID cards without listing faith?
A: 2008

Q: Carthage and Tunisia are in what general area?
A: North Africa

Q: Why has production automation become popular?
A: high cost of labor in developed countries

Q: How much faster is automated creation over handmade?
A: 10 times faster

Q: On what date was the Magna Carta Universitatum signed?
A: 18 September 1988

Q: What Roman word was used to refer to the scared precinct?
A: templum

Q: How were sacrifices of humans carried out in Rome?
A: buried

Q: Before the invasion of what area was human sacrifice carried out?
A: Gaul

Q: For what state artifacts did the Vestals care?
A: Lares and Penates

Q: What type of practices were those affecting the care of the dead?
A: archaic

Q: What organization was Rome's official caretaker?
A: the senate

Q: In 2013 who did the healthcare exchange commission to impersonate Obama and post it to youtube?
A: Iman Crosson

Q: In 2007 youtube launched an automated system to detect what?
A: videos that infringe copyright

Q: What is the name of the system that automatically detects copyright violations?
A: Content ID

Q: When did the North Carolina Constitution disestablish the Anglican church?
A: 1776

Q: In what years were the Dissolution of the Monasteries carried out?
A: Between 1535 and 1540

Q: What was de Beauvoir's career?
A: writer

Q: What percentage of the world's bulk carriers are Greece's?
A: 16.1%

Q: What was ornately carved in the 9th-11th centuries?
A: Armenian Khachkars

Q: What was Aram Khatchaturian's career?
A: classical music composer

Q: When is the earliest known Armenian carpet from?
A: early 13th century

Q: Where is the earliest known Armenian carpet from?
A: the village of Banants (near Gandzak)

Q: What is Hakobyan's career?
A: Art historian

Q: What creatures are often depicted on Armenian carpets?
A: dragons and eagles

Q: When did Watch Tower supporters gather as autonomous congregations to study the Bible?
A: From 1879

Q: Whose pronouncements within Jehovah Witnesses group are considered to carry almost as much weight as the Bible?
A: the Governing Body

Q: Statistically, what is a Jehovah's Witnesses likely not to care about at all?
A: politics

Q: Why political movement was named for Joseph McCarthy?
A: McCarthyism

Q: What political theory did Eisenhower use to oppose McCarthy?
A: executive privilege

Q: What car did Eisenhower compare modern art to?
A: Tin Lizzie

Q: What position was held by General MacArthur at this point in time?
A: Army Chief of Staff

Q: What was the home state of Joseph McCarthy?
A: Wisconsin

Q: What was the name of the Lockheed C-121 Constellation that carried Eisenhower?
A: Columbine II

Q: In what year did Joseph McCarthy declare that the federal government was employing communists?
A: 1953

Q: What did Eisenhower do when he was encouraged to respond to McCarthy's accusations?
A: he refused

Q: Why did Eisenhower ignore McCarthy?
A: facilitate relations with Congress

Q: What organization did Eisenhower want to keep from being one of McCarthy's targets?
A: Atomic Energy Commission

Q: What did McCarthy threaten to do in May of 1955?
A: issue subpoenas to White House personnel

Q: What tradition was fostered by Eisenhower's reaction to McCarthy's subpoena threats?
A: executive privilege

Q: Eisenhower denied McCarthy access to the personnel of what branch of the federal government?
A: Executive

Q: Who was the cardiologist who treated Eisenhower after his heart attack?
A: Paul Dudley White

Q: Along with Germany and Switzerland, what country contained an autobahn during the Second World War?
A: Austria

Q: How many cars can the Gateway Center at Bronx Terminal Market's parking garage hold?
A: 2,600

Q: When did Carrion Jr. retire as Borough President?
A: March 1, 2009

Q: When was Carrion Jr. first elected Borough President?
A: 2001

Q: When was Carrion Jr. re-elected Borough President?
A: 2005

Q: Who succeeded Carrion Jr.?
A: Rubén Díaz, Jr.

Q: What ethnicity is Carl Schurz?
A: German-American

Q: What was Herter's career?
A: sculptor

Q: What is Sacks' career?
A: neurologist

Q: Who wotked with Carl Rogers on humanistic phycology?
A: Abraham Maslow

Q: What was on the land at 30 degrees latitude north in the carboniferous period?
A: lush coal swamps

Q: What was the result in the decline in sea level in the middle of the Carboniferous period?
A: a major marine extinction

Q: The Pennsylvania period is separated by the drop in Carboniferous era sea levels from what other period?
A: Mississippian Period

Q: What geologic events took place when Pangea combined during the Carboniferous?
A: mountain building

Q: What was the continent that came to be North America and Europe called during the Carboniferous?
A: Laurussia

Q: The mountains forming to the southwest of the Appalachians in the Carboniferous are known as what?
A: the Ouachita Mountains

Q: Which two large oceans existed during the Carboniferous period?
A: the Panthalassa and Paleo-Tethys

Q: How much cargo had been being stolen from West Indies merchants in London each year?
A: £500,000

Q: How much cargo theft did the Thames River Police prevent in its first year?
A: £122,000

Q: What was von Hornigk's career?
A: Political economist and civil servant

Q: What have computers in police cars enabled for investigation?
A: criminal background checks on persons of interest to be completed in a matter of seconds

Q: What have computers in police cars enabled for reporting?
A: updating officers' daily activity log and other, required reports on a real-time basis

Q: When do police often use unmarked cars?
A: primarily for sting operations or apprehending criminals without alerting them to their presence

Q: What use of unmarked cars is controversial?
A: for traffic law enforcement

Q: Why did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
A: it endangered motorists who might be pulled over by people impersonating police officers

Q: When did New York State ban unmarked cars for traffic cops?
A: 1996

Q: What is Allah Ditta Lona Wala's career?
A: folk singers

Q: What are patients carrying certain genetic variant alleles near the IL28B gene more likely to achieve?
A: sustained virological response

Q: What has been discovered in the bones of carnivorous dinosaurs?
A: Signs of infection

Q: How is deer stalking with rifles carried out?
A: on foot without hounds, using stealth

Q: What is carried out on foot without hounds?
A: Deer stalking

Q: What is carrying capacity in most circumstances determined by?
A: combination habitat and food availability,

Q: What happens if a population exceeds the carrying capacity of their habitat?
A: threaten the well-being of other species

Q: What is carrying capacity determined by?
A: combination habitat and food availability

Q: How long is Kumari believed to incarnate Taleju?
A: until she menstruates

Q: Why is travel in Kathmandu mainly via automobile or aircraft?
A: hilly terrain

